TITLE: Lesbianism: Jesus called her out that Lifestyle to Him
VIDEO ID: Dmewhn9p99o
URL: https://youtu.be/Dmewhn9p99o
============================================================

You know this the Holy Ghost. They confident. You ain't even said not yet. Okay. Okay. Where do I start? Um so I grew up in a Baptist church um with my grandma. I was Okay, I've never spoken on a mic like this, so this is kind of weird. Um Okay, so I grew up in a Baptist church. um with my grandma and I was raised by my grandma. So um I would say at the age of like four or five my grandma she started dating a man um and he was married so she was committing adultery with him and um she put me into his care cuz she worked like

three jobs. She worked three jobs so I had to be with him most of the time. So um at the age of like five five or six um he started to molest me um and he was molesting me for about I would say till I turned like 17. So it was like every single day um I went through this with him and um I was performing fellatio fellatio on him and um yeah it was just it was just terrifying and this happened every single day of my life. Um I I ended up coming into a relationship with him. I thought as a child that we were together

like I thought he was I thought it was normal. I didn't I didn't know that any uh I thought that was just how it was. So, all throughout elementary school, I got to a point where I would just try to hurt myself. Like I I was just so my mind was so gone that I would I would just try to hurt myself. And um it got to like I would say when I was like 11 or 12, I lost my virginity um out of peer pressure. And then I had uh I was in fornication with the older man. He was probably like 35 or 40 and I was about like 12 or 13. And um so I

started liking him too. I just thought this stuff was normal honestly. So by the time I turned like 13 or 14, I got into a relationship with a girl and um I did not know my identity at all. So, I kind of just cling to her and I was just like, man, like I I'm like so in love with her like and I thought she was the closest thing to love that I experienced cuz I didn't mention but my grandma was very verbally and physically abusive to me. So, it's like I was getting molested and also getting like talked down and cursed

and physically abused like she would just call me ugly and all these type of things. So, I had like very I was very insecure as a child. So, as I was 13 years old, um I was dating this girl. I dated her for about five years till like my sophomore year in college. And when I got to college, I just went buck wild cuz my grandma wasn't there anymore. So, um she was very strict, so she didn't let me do much even though that was happening every day behind the scenes. She would get off at like 11:00 p.m. So me and him would do those things until

like 10:55 like and then she would be walking in 5 minutes later and I would have to just I just she was so mean to me so I that was like my last thought was to tell her that it was going on cuz she would probably whoop me or something. So I was like I cannot tell her. Um so yeah whenever I got to college I was like 18. I was just strung out. Started getting strung out on drugs, like just going deep into like uh drinking, smoking, every type of pill you can probably name. And just I mean, I just blacked out. Like I didn't want

to face reality cuz I was just like, man, like I'm I'm like really hurt. Like I don't know what's going on. So I just went crazy. I started partying every day. um taken like Xanaxes so I could not remember who I was around purposely like I was just like I don't want to know I don't want to remember so um I did all of that and then by the time I turned like 20 I would say like 22 I it was my senior year of college and um I was failing my grades of course I was my teachers were so concerned because I was falling asleep in class,

just out of it, skipping class. And um I started to, you know, just talk to other older men when I was in college. This at this time it was normal. We were we would call it like a finesse. Like we were like, let's let's get money from them. Let's get money from these older men. Let's like um go to their hotels and meet them places so we can get money and get drinks. And um so I started to sell my body online. like I was like okay like this is the thing like let's I didn't know like I was just like this is this is normal you know so

um I would I would do that and then it came to like a it was just like a lifestyle. So then whenever I got like 22, I got into a relationship um with this girl. I had lo I had a I had a full scholarship for volleyball and softball in college. And so I lost that my 11th grade year. I was strung out on drugs. They drug tested me. I failed. So I lost my full scholarship. And then my senior year I played basketball. So I got a scholarship for that. Thank you, Jesus. And um when I started playing basketball, I met this

girl. I started dating her and she completely I mean every homosexual relationship is sent by the devil, but she was really from the devil, you know, and God bless her, but you know, she drove me crazy. So, I was telling my mom, my mom lives here in Atlanta. And um I was telling my mom, you know, if you don't let me move up here, you know, I had already had suicidal thoughts my whole life, but I was like, if you don't let me move here, then I'm going to kill myself. Like, I'm I can't do it anymore. Like, I'm completely lost. And she was

just like, "All right, yeah, you can move here." So, I moved to Atlanta in 2020 um with my mom. And when I got here, I was my mom um it's a generational curse far as molestation and um homosexuality if you know what I'm talking about. So my mom me and my mom we went out. My mom was at the club with me every day. We were in the club drinking, smoking. My mom like I mean you would not look at her and think that. Um so we were in the club every day. Yeah. Okay. I'm fine. So, yeah, my mom struggles with that lifestyle as well. Um, still

to this day. Yeah. So, um, she was taking me to bars and taking me to gay bars and stuff like that. So, I was um just having a blast. I thought like I was I was like, "Man, me and my mom, this is cool." Like, and my mom looks really young, so people were like, "Oh, you're you guys are that's your mom?" And I just thought it was so cool. Um, meanwhile I'm killing myself. Didn't know I was killing myself. So, um, yeah. Like I just, man, I just was going through it. Like I was going through it and I was So then I met this I started

just dating a bunch of girls and I met these one specific girls. They were all like lesbians that dressed like a boy. I don't know the terminology for that. I didn't know if I could say that in church. They were studs. Um, I didn't know. Okay. Right. Okay. Stud. So, they were all studs and I was like, man, like I want to be a stud, too. So, I I like shaved my head. I So, this is new growth. Um, I shaved my hair off in 2021 completely and um I was going straight into that lifestyle. I was like, I'm not dressed like a boy. I'm

tall. Um, people have picked on me my whole life. I have big feet. Um, I'm meant to be a boy. So, I was like, let me just, you know, go all on out with that. So, I started dressing like a boy. I started going to get boy clothes, asking my cousins like, "Hey, let me how do I dress? What do I do?" I was super trying to like be that way. So, I met this guy and um this girl that I was dating, we were just weird. I was just, she was like, I'm going to go on a date with a guy. And I'm like, okay. She's like, you want to go on a double date

with me? And I'm like, yeah, sure. So, I went on a double date with her and I met a guy and ended up liking him. So, he he like turned me all the way around, but he was a warlock. So, um yeah. So, he was from he was from Haiti. Uh he well, he's from Miami, but he's born in Haiti. And um he completely I mean he told me don't say the name of Jesus like you don't have to say that when you pray you can just say um you know amen you don't got to say Jesus and I'm like that's okay cool. So I started doing that and

then when he would pray for me we would pray at night and every time I would fall asleep like I could not stay awake while he would pray. So I wake up and I it would be the next morning and I'm just like dang, I don't know even know what he prayed but he loves me because I was like he's praying for me. I didn't know. So yeah, I I just went through a relationship with him. It was I mean terrible. Like it was great in my eyes, but you know, he would put cinnamon on my forehead. He would um light candles. Uh take my hair. And I'm thinking he

loves me. Like he's literally he wants my hair. like I didn't know. I didn't know that that he could use that. So he's like, "Yeah, I didn't know." So I'm like, "Yeah, like he loves me so much." And um yeah, he he would travel back and forth because he was in um fraud activity. So he would travel back and forth everywhere and I'm just like, man, I don't I'm just I'm just so grateful. So he went to Miami and he stayed there for five months and because I have a pro I had well I'm delivered from this but I was back then I had a problem with

separation. So I was like man I can't why is he leaving me for this long? Like I I like I just can't do it. I don't know what to do. So um when he left I was like man I got to get away like something is telling me to get away from him and I don't know what it was. So I texted him. And I was like, "Hey, I can't, you know, I can't be in this relationship anymore." He was like, "Oh, you must be smoking weed. Like, you must be high. Like, you you know, you um what's going on with you?" And I was just like, "Nah, I'm just, you know,"

So, thank the Lord that he left cuz had he stayed, I wouldn't be here telling you guys his story now. So, he left and I just I was like, "Man, I have to find a way." Like, I I what is the way? Like, and so I was in the sauna one day and I was with all of these girls. They were, it was a girl that went through something really bad with her child. Her child had passed away. And she was asking this one girl, her name is Miracle. I love her so much. And she was asking her like, "Hey, um, can anybody pray for me in here?" And then she was

like, "Yeah, I'll pray." So, we all had held hands and Miracle started speaking in tongues. And I was like I opened my eyes and I was like I gotta get out of here. Like I don't know what she's doing. I I've never heard tongues. So I was like this is scary. Like and I was and it was hot in there in the sauna. I'm like I got to get out of here. I was looking around. I'm like this is weird. Like and I was I was like I have to go. I got to get out of here. And then after the prayer she was like can y'all please come to church with me?

And I'm like, uh, I don't know, girl. Like, you're like, you're kind of weird. I don't I didn't understand one thing you just said. And so I said, how do you do that? And she was like, it's the Holy Spirit. And I'm just like, I don't get I don't know, girl. So, she went to Word of Faith. I don't know if you guys are familiar with that church with Bishop Bronner. So, she took me there and she only went there with me twice and she disappeared. And she told me every time I would call her and ask her all these questions and she was just like, "Did

you ask God?" And I'm like, "Yes, but I can't hear them. I need to I can you just tell me the answer?" And she's like, "Nah, girl. You need to talk to God about it and wait on the answer." And I thought she was so mean. I'm like, "Man, she's just mean. Like, she does not care about me." And so I'm like, "I need help." Like she was like, "Girl, talk to God about it." And she told me that the Lord put her in my life to put me in a church. So she so she disappeared because she knew that if she was to stay around me, I would use her

as an idol. I would go to her and not to God. So she's obedient and she left and I went to Word of Faith in there by myself one day. I was just falling out crying. I'm looking around. I'm like, so like sometimes if I cry, I might look around like please don't look at me. I thought I was like, man, people are looking at me. I got to I got to get out of here. I always like try to escape. So I was in Word of Faith and I was just crying, crying, crying. I was like, "Man, this is my church." And um but then I was I had more questions. Like

I'm like, "Man, I need more." So I was still drinking and smoking at this time. Um still Yeah. still drinking, smoking, all that stuff. I still hadn't really, you know, figured out what was going on. So this is the end of the story. So basically, I um that was 2021 or 2022, whenever that happened. So I got baptized in 2023. I was going to church every Sunday by myself. Um because my family is not, you know, in Christ. So they will be in Jesus name. Yeah, they will be. Um so yeah, I was I was going to church by myself every Sunday trying

to text as many people as I can. Like I'm like, "Please come." Um I just the Lord told me I was an intercessor a long time ago because I would wake up at a weird time like five o'clock and send messages to everybody in my phone. prayers and they're just like I mean like girl you you never miss and it just gave me joy to pray for other people. So I would do that every day and then I got baptized in 2023. Then when I got baptized I'm like I need more. So I started vagabonds going from church to church trying to find like where's a

home? Um, but it got to the point where I was I thought it was a Jezebel spirit, but my my my other leader, she told me this, not I just had a desire to know more, but I would be like, man, I just want to be around people. Like, I want family. Like, and I would always feel like, man, nobody wants to be around me, you know, all because of like, you know, my past. So when I went to um I went to a 7day Adventist church and they gave me what I wanted, which is sad because that we all know that that's not the way. So

I went there and I'm like, man, they these people love me. And it's like they were trying to reel me into their whatever they got going on because they were like, "Yeah, you're so anointed. Yeah, you're this." And I'm like, "Am I oh my gosh, I'm gonna stay here then. I'll call them every day and I'm like, I got a question about this. What do you do with this?" And they're just like, "Man, you're so on fire." And I will call them at all times out of the day like, "Hey, what about this? What did Jesus mean when he said this, this,

that, that?" Then when they were like, "Hey, you don't have to speak in tongues." And I'm like, "Wait, but miracles speaking in tonesues." So I'm like, that's what I was taught. And they were just like, "Nah, you don't have to do that. Like that's not for everybody." And I'm like, "Miracle told me it was your faith. So if you have faith, you can do it." So yeah, I just I I left that because I was just like something I asked God to give me a sign and and then I um I watched this pastor's name is Richard Lorenzo. I I watch him a lot and he is

awesome. Literally I went to a video and he said, "Those sevenday events is you better get away." And I was like, "Oh, I'm running." Like if if Richard Lorenzo said it, I'm gone. So I was like I was calling my friends like bro seven day adventures I got I cannot even talk to him anymore. So yeah I don't original doesn't even know this. He doesn't even know that he saved my like the Lord used him to save my life. So yeah I just man I met my spiritual family last year and um they have been the biggest blessing

that I've ever received outside of salvation. Um they are awesome. They've been guiding me, cleansing me. Of course, I have a lot of things that I need to be free of. Um, my spiritual mom, she did deliverance. They, if you notice, they sit in the back right on Sundays. Um, and she did deliverance on me and I was throwing up blood. So, I had a blood covenant, all that type of things that I'm trying to get free from. And, um, the Lord is gracious and he said, you know, who the sun sets free is free indeed. So, I'm here to tell you

guys Glory to God. Crazy. All right. You want to go next? You uh um she answer she answered a question. She answered a Why is it ringing with me? It wasn't ringing with her. It must be my voice or something. You'll get it. So what's very powerful, she answered a question. Uh she talked about wanting a family because people didn't want to be bothered with her because of what she went through. That's why Jesus had those girls. Because if there's anything that people will put a stigma is that if you ever had an unclean spirit and they become

afraid, they don't have anything to do with you. And so Jesus, he kept those girls c he kept those girls close because he wanted them to feel belonged. But he was also making a statement. Yeah, I'm the king and the king got these girls with me. You understand what I'm saying? How many know that's very, very powerful? Extremely powerful with the testimony. You see elements of when we say the Lord is always chasing you. Um, he's always chasing you. Always chasing. You see elements of the Lord just using certain

things just to grab her attention, you know, to to to lead her and guide her, you know, to a particular place. So, all right, this is Asia.