TITLE: Destroying Demonic Structures
VIDEO ID: PNZWPZiL1v0
URL: https://youtu.be/PNZWPZiL1v0
============================================================

Thank you Lord Jesus. Good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. Just want to thank you all for coming out this morning. Before we jump into, you know, the word, I kind of wanted to share something the Lord shared with me when I was sitting there. He was telling me that no one that stands in this pulpit is exempt from what they preach. We have sometimes some ministers have expectation from the people but don't realize that the Holy Spirit is holding them to the same standard. Any pastor or minister that doesn't

implement what he preaches is in danger of hellfire. He told me I was sitting right there. He told me, he said, "It's a plague in the pulpit." Thinking that they are called to preach to people without knowing that the Holy Spirit is preaching through them, to them. And that's the scripture that comes to mind is 1 Corinthians chapter 9 where Paul says, you know, I don't fight aimlessly just to beat the air. He said, but I beat myself into subjection unless while me preaching to others, I myself might be disqualified.

So, I just want you to understand that what I'm getting ready to share is not a word just for you. It's also a word for me and we'll just jump into this. So last week um I don't know how many of you were able to listen to the message from Devon last week which was a awesome message. I'm like on my sixth time listening to it and the only reason why I did not listen to it any more than that is because of she the Shilo conference this week. So I don't know if any of you plugged into that but that was an amazing conference this week.

But I'm gonna try to cram all of this into the time that I was allotted. It's going to be a it's going to be a lot, but just bear with me for a minute. We're going to start with Ephesians chapter 6. So, I put like this. So, what Devon got last week, the information, the insight he gave last week, I kind of felt like what he shared was more of a um a preparation for what I'm getting ready to share now. Because last week he was talking about the importance of the armor and understanding the revelation or the rama of the word which is your

weapons. But this this teaching I titled it destabilizing demonic structures and now is the time. So we're going to jump into this. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10 through13. I'm reading the King James version. It says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, and against

spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand the evil day, and having done all to stand. And so I'm going to cover four things here in alignment with what was shared last week. The first one is going to be your identity, what you are, your inheritance. Number two, what you have been given as a result of who you are. Number three, influence. What bows to you and what doesn't. And number four, the term is imposition or actually means to impose something, to impose

your will. How do you or how you will or how you must impose God's will against the beasts that are standing against your advancement. So I have a graphic here. Many are begging God for things that obedience in the word can grant them. You should be spending your time praying for the will of God, not praying for things. If you pray the will of God, it is the key of dismantling demonic structures in your life. I'm g try to go slow. It's foolishness to beg for something that you already have at your disposal. But we don't know that because most of

us don't spend time reading the word. I have another graphic. You are a son or a daughter. You're not a slave. You are an heir, not a bum. Sons or daughters never beg. Sons or daughters say what they want to see and heaven gives it to them. Why? Next graphic. Because no son aligns themselves with what is profane in the sight of the father. They don't ask for things of this world. They ask for truth. John chapter 17 verse 15-1 17. I pray this now for any of you who have not read it yet. I will encourage you to

read John chapter 17. People say when that the Lord's prayer is when Jesus said, "Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth." That is not the Lord's prayer. That was how he told the disciples how to pray. But when Jesus prayed for us is John chapter 17. And this is what he said in verse 15 when he was in the garden crying out for you. I pray that you would not take them out of the world, but you will keep them from evil. They are not of the world even as I am

not of the world. Sanctify them by their by your truth because your word is truth. So every true genuine child of God will always be seeking for truth, not for things. Because if you get the truth, the truth will be able to bring the things that you will be praying for. You understand what I'm saying so far? Proverbs chapter 4:13, English Standard Version. Hold on to instruction. Do not let her go. Guard her for she is your life. Now, let me explain what I'm doing here. So, I'm covering some basic scriptures before we actually jump into

the topic. I'm trying to lay a foundation here to kind of help you to understand what you need to look for. And as I do that, you'll see I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to just how how does Pastor Author say? He's trying to um build you up to it. So, I'm trying to build you up to what I'm getting ready to share cuz it's going to change your life. So, another thing, too, that I pray one thing the Lord told me. I was seeking him this morning and he I asked him, I was like, "How, Lord, do I get the people to believe the things that you're

telling me or how do I get them to believe your word?" And he told I said, "What do I do?" And his response was nothing. Nothing. He said, 'Your job is to just tell them about the supernatural and to tell them what the word does and it's up to them. And I think that was a big thing that a lot of pastors deal with or leaders deal with is that they try to get try to get the people to get it, but it's not our job to get the people to get it. Our job is to share it and it's for the Holy Spirit and their faith to ignite what

we're saying. This is how you have two people that's in a church sitting right next to each other. A pastor can make a declaration or a man of God or woman of God can make a declaration and then one gets the manifestation and the other one doesn't. that previous passage that I read in um Proverbs chapter 4:13, it says um for you to keep all instruction, right? Is that the one I read before? Yeah. Keep hold of your instruction. So the word instruction in the Hebrew comes from the word doctrine. So what he's saying, keep hold of the

doctrine. Keep hold of the word. Guard it because it's your life. The word of God is your life. Proverbs chapter 23 23. Buy the truth and don't sell it. Also buy wisdom, buy instruction, and buy understanding. I'm going to say that again. Buy the truth. Do not sell it. also by wisdom, by instruction, and by understanding. Why does Jesus tell you to or why does the proverb say to buy this? Because it's going to cost you something. Revelation 3:14-22. NLT, write this letter to the angel of the church in Leodysia. This is the message

of the one who is the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of God's new creation. I know all the things that you do. You are neither hot nor cold. I wish you were either one or the other. But since you are lukewarm water, neither hot or cold, I spit you out of your mouth. You say, "I am rich and I have everything I want and I don't need a thing." But you don't realize that you are wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. Look what Jesus says. I advise you to buy gold from me, gold that has been purified by fire.

Then you will be rich. Also buy white garments from me, so you will not be ashamed of your nakedness. Buy ointment for your eyes that you may be able to see. He said, I only correct and discipline those that I love. So be diligent and turn from your indifference. Look, I stand at the door and knock. If you hear my voice and open the door, I will come in and I will share a meal together as friends. Those who are victorious, look at the reward. You will sit on my throne as I was victorious and I sat on the throne of my father.

So Jesus is telling you here, if you buy gold from him, and I'm going to explain to you what gold is. If you buy gold for me and you buy ointment for your eyes that you can see, he said, if you implement what you learn and buy it, pay the cost for it, you will sit in my throne. Anyone with ears to hear must listen to what the spirit is saying to the churches. So look at this graphic. It's a little lengthy, but listen to this. Jesus is saying, "Pay the cost to obtain truth." How do we know that symbolically he is

talking of truth? Because we know truth never falters or fades, right? It's absolute. It's the same in every generation. It's the only thing that never dies. In the same way, gold is the only precious metal in existence that doesn't rust or oxidize. It doesn't corrode. It doesn't tarnish. And it doesn't become discolored. No matter the atmosphere and the elements around it, gold always keeps its integrity. Which is why he said to buy gold from me. It cannot be corrupted. The same way as truth is resistant to the changing

times, gold is also resistant to the elements around it. Truth always does what it says and it always works. So at large the church in general I'm just going to just go through my notes unless the Lord want me to deviate a little bit. At large the church is entrapped in beginning or begging the Lord for things that is already our right. Many of us don't receive anything that we ask for in prayer because we're asking for things we already own. Remember what Jesus said, right? I might be ahead of myself here, but I'm I'mma do it.

When Jesus asked the disciples, "Who do you say that I am?" Some said, "Yeah, some some say, "Yeah, you're Jeremiah." Some said, "You're John the Baptist, some of the other prophets." But he said, "But who do you say I am?" He said, "Thou art the Christ." This is what Simon Peter said, or Simon at the time. He said, "You are the Christ, the son of the living God." What was Jesus response to that? Blessed are you, Simon Barjonah, because no man revealed this to you. Only God revealed this truth to you. And he said what? Upon this rock or this

revelation, I'm going to build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail. And the next line, he said, behold now, because you understand that I'm the Christ, I give you the keys to the entire kingdom. Welcome home. You lock and loose whatever you want. Exodus 14 10-16. I'm going this scripture is to back up what I just said. Many people are praying and asking God for things that they already own. This why you don't get answers. If you was to put your nose in the book, you'll see what's already at your disposal. You'll see that you

already have the keys to what you're asking for. I always hear Bishop Odapore say this. He says, "Nobody stands before a door um before a door and struggles if they have the key. It's just you apply it, turn it, and it works." And that's how everyone's life in here is supposed to be. You apply the things that you learn, turn it, and it works. No questions asked. Exodus 14:10-16 NLT. As Pharaoh approached, the people of Israel looked up in a panic and as they saw the Egyptians overtaking them, they cried out to the Lord and they said to

Moses, "Why did you bring us out to die in the wilderness? Weren't there enough graves for us in Egypt?" You see the mentality? What have you done to us? What why did you make us leave Egypt? Didn't we tell you that we were that we what would happen while we were still in Egypt? We said, "Leave us alone. Let us be slaves in Egypt. It is better to be a slave in Egypt than a corpse in the wilderness." Moses said to the people, "Don't be afraid. Just stand still and watch the Lord rescue you today. And the Egyptians you see today will never be

seen again. The Lord will fight himself will fight for you. Just relax." Moses for between those two passages of scripture, Moses started seeking the Lord. Look what the Lord said. Why do you keep crying out to me? Tell the people to move. You have what you're asking for in your hand already. Why are you crying out to me for? And that's what the Lord is saying to a lot of us. Why you keep crying out to me for the same things you already have the sept in your hand to do? He said, tell the people, get moving. Pick up your staff. You raise your hand

over the sea. You divide the sea so the Israelites can walk through the middle of dry ground. John 1 12-13. But to all, we're talking about identity here, right? But to all who believe him and accepted him, to them he gave them the right to become children of God. The next line says they are reborn not of a physical birth resulting from human passion or plan but a birth that comes from God. I'mma continue. I'mma drop something out in a second. Philippians chapter 2 verse 5-11. See this is the beautiful thing about the

word, right? All you do is just share the word. You sew that incorruptible seed and then at the due time, it'll start to shoot up in your life if you practice it. So, I'm going to continue just keep just throwing the seed on anybody that who anyone who desires to have their the heart of their heart filled with the word. Just keep throwing the word. Keep throwing the word and breaking down things and throwing the word. That's all the Lord tells us to do. Nothing else. I'm not here to convince nobody of nothing. I'm going to tell you what the

word say. And by grace you'll receive everything that is being told. Philippians chapter 2 5-11, King James version. For every person that is in this church and those that are watching online, my prayer is that this scripture that I'm getting ready to read, may this thing be etched in your spirit all the days of your life. Listen to this. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. The Bible is telling you, you need to receive this mind. And this is how you need to think. Listen. who being in the form of God, thought it

was not wrong or robbery to be equal to him, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon himself the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. Being found in the fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God has highly exalted him, and have given him a name that is above every name, that at the name of Jesus, every knee shall bow in the of things of heaven, things in the earth, things under the earth, and every tongue should

confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of the father. So the Bible says this is the mind you need to have that everything will bow to you when you use the name of Jesus in heaven in earth and everything that's under it everything responds because you have been given the name the holy All right. So the Bible is telling you you need to stop thinking like a man. Let this mind be in you that was also in Christ. You need to think just like how Christ thinks. The Bible says that Christ did not think it was wrong to be

equal to God. Let this mind be in you that also was in Christ Jesus. Who being who being in the form of God didn't think it was wrong to be equal to him. I'm going to say it one more time. The Bible says let this mind keep this mind always think this way. This should be your perception that you being in the form of God should not think it's wrong to be equal to him because he's your father. Remember what Jesus said in the scripture. He said made a statement. He said I and the father are one. How many of us are one with the father here?

What did they do? They picked up stones to kill him. He said why? What? What good work are you killing me for? He said they said not for a good work but because of blasphemy. Because you basically saying that you are one with God. make yourself equal to him. And then and then that's when he quoted the scripture in Psalm 82. Isn't that written in your law that I have said that you are gods? And you know the scripture can't be broken. I'm trying to help the Holy I'm trying to allow the Holy Spirit to rewire your

mind that when you become born again, you are no longer a mortal man because the things that what are that what you're to accomplish by let me don't get ahead of myself. Don't get ahead of myself. Look at this graphic. Many sons don't know how to war against the demonic in their life because they don't know what to do to stop them. Even worse, they hear who they are with their ears but still can't understand it in their heart. Lord Jesus. Psalm 82:1-6. I think this is Devon's favorite passage of scripture. God stands in the congregation of the

mighty. He judges amongst the who? He asked them, "How long will you judge unjustly?" He can't be talking to demons, right? cuz demons don't. Anyway, except How long will you unjust um judge unjustly and accept the person of the wicked? That was quick. And accept the persons of the wicked. My wife sent me something the other day about um uh Tiffany Montgomery. She sent me a video and what Tiffany was talking about was people in the church that h having demonic compassion. She was saying being merciful, patient,

and loving with demonic things and demonic people. And this passage of scripture says, "How long will you judge unjustly and accept the persons of the wicked? Defend the poor and fatherless. do justice to the afflicted and the needy. Deliver the poor and needy and rid them out of the hand of the enemy. This scripture, verse five, is talking about who he was addressing in verse one. The gods he's um was talking to. They know not, neither do they understand what I'm saying. They walk on in darkness. And because the sons of God

are ignorant of their identity, all of the foundations of the earth is out of course. all of it. That's why the world is the way it is today because no because most sons of God don't even know who they are. If every if every child of God understood their position and their role, everything that you see that's dark in this place will be lined up. And verse six is the key. I have said you are God's and all of you are children of the most high. How many of you are children of the most high in here? So, let me just kind of just explain

what I'm doing. So, I got to lay that foundation because I'm what we're going to do is that we're going to start to break down or destroy demonic destabilizing demonic structures in our lives, mentalities, and things that are working behind the scenes to create certain patterns in our life. I'm going try to I'm going to try to cram this as quick as I can. I like I like Saturday services and um because I get a little bit more time. So let's look at the definition of destabilizing. To destabilize means to undermine the

power to understand the p undermine the power of a government or a leader by sub subversive or terrorist acts. Let me explain something. So the word sub subversive I don't know if I gave them this as a graphic. Yeah, I did. Okay. It means to actively be on a mission to overthrow, to render ineffective, or to overturn a government, establish order or authority from its foundation. And you and to ruin it through terrorism. So what am I saying? Last time I ministered here, I told you all that my that my heart is I desire to

be a terrorist in the kingdom of hell. The Bible says when the Bible says that the gospel must be preached throughout the whole world. God is this not a this is not a statement. This is not to find out who's going you need to run rash shot over all this stuff. So to the devil we're supposed to be terrorists. That's it. Be a terrorist to him. He needs to he needs to understand that we are coming to overthrow his government through acts of spiritual terrorism. >> Period. I'm going try to calm down cuz I can feel something coming on me. Let me

So, we can't do this without knowing the truth about who we are and what we can do. We have to change the way we think. people too much of us. The Bible says in Ecclesiastes, it says there's a wickedness that Solomon seen under the sun where slaves were mounted on horses like princes and princes was walking on the ground like slaves. That is a mirror of what the church is today. John 8:31-32. Then Jesus told the disciples that or the Jewish that which believed on him, if you continue in my word, you are my disciples indeed and you'll come to the

place to where you'll know the truth and the truth will make you free. So Jesus is saying to the Jews that believe on him, if you continue in my word, you will become a disciple. So there's a difference between a believer and there's a difference between a disciple. The Bible in James 2:19 says what? Devils also believe. Belief is not enough. I keep telling people I keep you know there's a lot of the reason why I'm getting there's a lot of people that argue with me even on social media like telling me no because

I believe this once save always save thing and I'm like you know what you can have it I'm not going to argue with you brother I love you just leave it at that but the truth is your belief is not enough it's discipline or discipling yourself in the word that distinguishes you. It's not just belief. You got to practice and understand what you learn. Luke chapter 10 verse 19, my f one probably one my favorite passages in scripture. Behold, I give unto you power to tread upon serpents, scorpions, and over all the powers of the enemy.

Nothing shall by any means hurt um hurt you. So according to that graphic, it's telling you you have inherited power for divine protection against the demonic and the rulers that are sent to resist your assignment. So now remember Devon was talking about last week he he was saying uh about the armor of God, right? Maybe he's talking about the importance of the armor. That the armor is not something you put on. It's something you sink into because it's a lifestyle. It's what you do that determines what level of armor you have.

Look at this graphic. When God calls you to an assignment, this is an area where he wants for you to infiltrate and influence for the kingdom of God. Look at this line. The assignment will always seem impossible for you as a human being to do. Why? Because you are right. When God gives you an assignment, he is not speaking to you as a man. A mere man can't accomplish the thoughts of God. You must become something else. You need to receive something else to be able to hear what God is saying, understand his thoughts, and to execute

what he desires. You have to become something else. That's why Jesus told, that's what Jesus said. Except a man is born of water and the spirit, you can't even enter. You can't even see the kingdom of God, let alone enter into it. Before you get any keys to be dangling in your hands, have dominion over anything, you need to be born again. Matthew chapter 16 verse 13-19. I think I read this. Yeah, this scripture I quoted earlier. We're going to go over it again. I think I'm going to Yeah. When Jesus came to the coast of Cesaria

Philippi, he asked the disciples, "Who do men say that I am?" Some of Some say you are John the Baptist. Some say Elijah. others Jeremiah one of the prophets who are you but who do you say that I am Simon Peter answered and said thou art the Christ the son of the living God Jesus answered and said you are blessed Simon Barjonah or Barjonah means son of Jonas for flesh and blood have not revealed this unto you but my father which is in heaven and he said unto you you are Peter now and upon this rock I will build my church and the

gates of hell shall not prevail against it and I now give you the keys to the kingdom and whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. So Peter receiving this revelation was his ability to start to control the spiritual realm. He said, "I will show you. I'm going to show you what I'm talking about just in case you think I'm making this stuff up." Acts chapter 2 verse 32-43 this is Peter right what I'm reading what I'm reading in chapter 2 this is

right after Pentecost and what Peter said remember Jesus said now Peter you now your name is no longer Simon your name is Peter and upon this revelation that I am the Christ mean I could do anything I'm going to build my church that was twofold he was talking about Peter and also that revelation Look, as a result of that revelation that thou art the Christ. Look what happened. Look at what this revelation did. Verse 32, God and God raised Jesus from the dead. And we're all witnesses of this. And now he is exalted to the place

of highest honor in heaven at God's right hand. And the father as he had promised had give had gave him the Holy Spirit to pour upon us just as you see and hear today. For David never ascended into heaven. Yet he said, "The Lord of my Lord, sit in the place of hon at my right hand until I humble your enemies, making them a foottool under your feet." So let everyone in Israel know for certain that God has made this Jesus whom you have crucified both Lord and Christ. as a result of him receiving that revelation and applying what he learned.

The next line says it pierced their hearts and they said, "What must we do, brothers, to be saved?" Peter said, "Repent of your sins, turn to God, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins. Then you'll receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. This is a promise to you, your children, and those far away, and all who have been called by the Lord our God." Peter continued preaching for a long time, urging the listeners to save themselves from this crooked generation. Look what that revelation Look what that

revelation did. As a result of him receiving Jesus as Messiah and then telling and then preaching out of that revelation that he learned, 3,000 people joined the church from a revelation. This shows you the power of knowing the word. Remember Jesus said, "I am the word." This is the power of knowing the word. When you know the word and you apply and declare what you know, people will be drawn to Christ without you having to do anything. As a Udap be saying, it's no guesswork. Just simple apply and declare what you

learn and you'll see the manifestation of it. >> Verse 42. And all believers devoted themselves to the apostles teaching and to fellowship, sharing in meals, including the Lord's supper and to prayer. A deep sense of awe came over all of them. And the apostles performed many signs and wonders. So let's look at this graphic. When you act on what God revealed to you in his word, all evil forces will either bow to it or be rooted out. We fail or face crisis in life because of spiritual non-compliance. Nothing can resist the truth. When you

declare the truth, it must move. This other graphic when you receive and apply a revelation that you got from the word in the spirit, it becomes a stone. Revelation in the from the Bible that you receive and apply become foundational stones which is used as a platform or steps for you to enter into the next level in the spirit or to kill the giants that oppose you. This is why you must train yourself in studying and digging deep into the word so God can give you precious stones out of it. No, not to just build a foundation for

your life and your future, but something to smite the giant that is standing in the center of your promised land. Remember, everything is symbolic, man. Everything. When when Moses ran into a situation and didn't know what to do, he received a revelation from God. Arma hit this stone. when he hit the stone everything symbolic, right? Hit the stone, water came out and fed through millions of people, right? Same thing with Jacob. Jacob when he went, he laid down on a stone and had an encounter with God and that's when he he saw the um them

going up and down on the ladder. Simon from the Bible we just read when he received the revelation, God called him a stone. Are you seeing the pattern here? When David went to go fight Goliath, what did he do? He picked up five. What does the Bible call call Jesus or call the Lord? Call him Ebeneza. Ebeneza mean my stone of help. Okay. There was a scene in the Doctor Strange movie um where they went to go see the Ancient One and when I can't remember what the question was, but her response was, "You could never kill your demons.

You just learn to live above them." I'm like, M m [sighs] I was like man. So you mean like there could be demons all around but then there could be a spiritual tear where you're at that I can't I can't I can't I can't touch that one. Okay. So I'm going to share this. I feel led to, you know, to share this. So, I told my wife about this a couple days ago, an encounter that I had. So, I had this encounter a couple weeks ago where I was in a kitchen and I was standing to kind of let you understand um when you there

could be demons around you, but you live above them. In the encounter that I had, my back door was open. And it was a um a backyard door was open and some big beast stood at the threshold of that door and it was a familiar spirit because it looked like somebody I knew. It was a familiar spirit and that thing ran and charged and tried to hit me but the farthest he can get was probably about a two feet about an arm's length away and he'll only come right there. come right there and he'll like get mad and start I don't know if you guys ever

watch bodybuilding but there was this bodybuilder who name is endo champ. So whenever he walks in places he walks like this. So the so this beast was doing the same thing was walking like this went punched a hole in the wall came back tried to hit me again and couldn't. You know what this You know what the demon told me or or this beast, whatever it is, it told me said, "Take that gold chain off your neck. Take take it off. Take it off." I didn't even know I had a gold chain until I looked and I saw I had a gold chain on.

Remember remember what Remember what um what happened with Daniel and also what happened with Joseph? When Joseph was elevated to the place of second in command, what was one of the things he got? a purple robe and a gold chain around his neck. >> When it came to Daniel, when he became third in command, what happened to signify? They put a gold chain around his neck. So that's to tell you every child of God in this house, there's a gold chain around your neck that distinguishes you as a high official in the spirit because

you belong to Christ. >> Therefore, there should be nothing by any means shall harm you. People be thinking I'll be joking when I be telling you there's no demonic spirit that can touch me. I'm I'm not I'm not joking. I'm not I'm not pretending. I'm telling you the truth. No demon can touch me at all. >> Never touch me and could never touch any one of y'all. >> You have to know. This is why the Bible says if you continue in my word, you'll come to the place where you know the truth >> and that truth will force you to be free

from whatever Satan is binding you with. Come on. >> We need more stones. >> We need more revelation. We need more insight and apply it. We need to know who we are in Christ. We have to train oursel. The Bible also says in I can't remember where it is, but it's in the New Testament. It said, "An heir, as long as they're a child, differs nothing from a slave, though you own everything." He said, "But you'll be under tutors and governors until you come to the place of maturity. Then you'll be able to have access to everything."

Paul said, "You need to stop continuously to consume the milk of the word. It's time for you to start eating meat. We need to start getting into the meat of the word. We need to get out of the drama just declaring but not seeing what we're saying. >> And I think Devon said it so well last week. He said, "We believe it in our mind but not in our heart." And that's why we don't see it. We get one one situation or one kind of resistant. Let let me go ahead and cover my notes because I got some things that Yeah, I think this is really going to

help you here. I don't know who's back there. Can we just go to second Peter chapter 1 verse 1-1 please? Thank you. So 2 Peter chapter 1 verse 1-11. I want you to hear the this is the letter from Simon Peter, a slave and apostle of Jesus Christ. I'm writing this letter to share the same precious faith we have. This faith was given to you because of justice and fairness of Jesus Christ our God and Savior. May God give you more and more grace and peace as you grow in the knowledge of God and Jesus our Lord. By his divine power, he

has given us everything that we need to live a godly life. Meaning, you have the keys for everything you need. We have received all of this by coming to know him and one who called us to himself by means of his marvelous glory and excellence. And because of his glorious excellence, we have received these great and precious promises. That these are the promises that enable you to share in his divine nature and escape the world's corruption by human desires. Let's look at verse 5. This is the key. In view of all of this, make every effort to

respond to God's promises. Supply yourself with faith, with a generous provision of moral excellence, character. With your character, add to your character knowledge. Add to your knowledge self-control. Add to your self-control patient endurance. Add to your patient endurance godliness. Add to your godliness brotherly affection. And add to your affection with love for everyone. For the more you grow like this and the the more productive and useful you'll be in your knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. Those who fail to develop in this way

are shortsighted and blind, forgetting that they have been cleansed of their old sin. Look at verse 10. So dear brothers and sisters, work hard to prove that you really bel that you really are among those God has called and chosen. If you do these things, you'll never fall again. If you add unto, the King James says, add unto your faith, virtue, unto your virtue, knowledge, and to your knowledge, patience, to your patience, temperance, to your temperance, godliness, your godliness, brotherly kindness, to your brotherly kindness,

charity. If these things are bound and be in you, he said, you will not be barren in what you know about Christ, what you know will produce in your life. He said, if you practice these things, you will never fall again. Do you understand what he's saying? You will never fall or fail again. So it'll behoove us if we don't want to fall again to practice these things. I remember Devon mentioned this last week. He said men usually look to another man to give them the answer to their problem. But I'll add this. If you get into the

word of God, you will see that you already have the solution. And in some cases, you are that solution. You are the reason. This is that's one of the reasons why most of you were born was to slay that giant. And most of us don't even know that. [clears throat] I think I'm going to go over um get away from that for now because that's going to pull me deep. Yeah. Okay. So, we'll do that. We'll do that and I'll probably close with that. So, Romans chapter 8 verse 25-29. If we look forward to something we don't yet have, we must wait patiently and

confidently. The Holy Spirit. So, I'm covering one of the ways how now how we destabilize these demonic um structures in our life mainly through prayer. We don't know the Holy Spirit helps us in our weakness. For example, we don't know what the Holy Spirit wants us to pray for. But the Holy Spirit prays for us with groanings that cannot be expressed with words. And the Father who knows all hearts knows what the Spirit is saying. For the Spirit pleads for every believer in harmony with God's will. And we know that God caused

everything to work together for the good of those that love God and are called according to his purpose for him. For God knew his people in advance and he chose them to become like his son so his son would be the firstborn of many brothers and sisters. So most of us we heard that pastor scripture we hear it all the time here right about praying in tongues. In that passage scripture you see the Bible said the Holy Spirit prays the perfect will of God because it knows what God's will is. So it prays God's will. Right?

So the Holy Spirit's an intercessor, right? 1 Timothy 2:5, King James, for there is one God and one mediator, one intercessor between God and man, the man Jesus, Christ Jesus. So I already told you could that word in the Greek means to be a reconciler or interceded, an intercessor. So we see that the Holy Spirit by praying in tongues intercedes on our behalf. Right? We see that Jesus also intercedes on our behalf. Look at this graphic. There are things that Jesus is praying for and requesting on your behalf daily in

heaven. The Holy Spirit is grieved when we don't let him pray out in tandem what Jesus is saying in eternity because of how you feel. Because the Bible says where two or more touch and agree, it doesn't matter where you are, it will be established here by my father in heaven. The Bible says the Holy Spirit only going to say what Jesus says. So when you have that prompting to I'm coming down. When you have that prompting to pray in the spirit, it's because the Holy Spirit is saying, "I need you to be sensitive." Jesus is

trying to pray something out right now for you. I need to be I need to use you so I could pray in agreement with what he's saying so what is being said in heaven can be established here. So again, we need whenever we get them prompts to pray, you have to always remember Jesus is constantly rocking before the father praying for you. When there's some praying praying for the church, when something comes up for your name, the Holy Spirit will start to prompt you here to start praying because he wants to pray what he hears Jesus

saying. So it can be an agreement in the spirit. I'm just sharing with you what what the man told me the other day. >> So Jesus and the Holy Spirit needs to agree for access to be granted. He cannot The Holy Spirit, now I feel it, the Holy Spirit cannot actually move and bring God's will to pass if you're constantly grieving him by your lifestyle. Yes. >> So, you don't I would say to be gentle with it now because I've done this and I've cried I've cried enough about it already cuz I could count I I could count

countless times where I felt a prompting and I kind of brushed it off not knowing that Jesus was praying and the Holy Spirit was hearing Jesus praying for something for me and wanted to use me to pray it out so it can manifest. We need to allow the Holy Spirit is a gentleman. He's a helper, right? He doesn't take control. We need to allow the Holy Spirit to pray in agreement with what Jesus is saying by praying in the Holy Spirit. This is the importance of praying in other tongues. Let's look at this graphic.

Dominion in all things will be established in your life when agreement is made between the father, Jesus, the holy spirit through you. That's how the three of I'm trying to break this down. So that's how the Bible says Jesus said I only do and say what I see the father say and do. Right? Jesus said the Holy Spirit cannot say anything outside of what I tell him. All right. The only way the Holy Spirit gets full expression is if you allow him to pray through you. So there needs to be agreement between there's already

agreement between the father, Jesus, and the holy spirit. But if you don't allow the holy spirit to declare his his agreement through prayer, you won't see what you're praying for. And one of the ways to be able to build a love for praying is for loving the word. Psalm 119 97 one for starting at verse 97. Oh, how I love your law. It is what I think about all day long. Through your word, it has made me wiser than my enemies because they're always around me. So, because of the word of God that you have, the devil would never

be able to have a strategy against you. You'll always be able to elude him and be like, why I can't touch this one? because you have the word that made you wiser than the enemy that's around you. I have more understanding than everyone that taught me because your word and your promises are my meditation. That's all I think about. I understand more than the ancients because I keep your word. I obey your precepts. I refrain my feet from every evil way. So that way I could I could make sure I keep your word. I get away from anything

that turns you off. I have not departed from your judgments because you are the one that taught me. What did Jesus say? I stand at the door and knock. If you open, he didn't say when when you do. He said if you open, I'll come in and dine with you. He said, "If you keep my law, my word, my father would love you. I would love you, and I will manifest myself unto you." I already told people, people, people tell me, you know, you can't I tell people all the time, you can't find truth. Jesus is a king. He reveals what

he wants. This is how you saw that pastor scripture we just read about praying the Holy Ghost. I probably read that scripture probably a hundred times. Why did I now see it now? Because of because Jesus decided on his own accord to reveal that truth for me for the sake of the people. Had nothing. Anyway, >> I keep trying to tell people Jesus is a king. He's a king. He's a king. He doesn't need you for nothing. He's a king. He walks and shows up when he wants to. Speaks when he wants to because he's royalty. You must always be prepared so when he

shows up, you can be able to receive what he wants to give. >> He owns everything. He's trying to help you to see that you own it, too. >> I think I was on verse 102. 103. How sweet are your words unto my taste? Yes, they're sweeter than honey in my mouth. Through your word or your precepts, I get understanding. I know how to do things. I know how to work the keys. Therefore, I hate every false way. The word of God is a lamp unto my feet and a light onto my path. So, I have a note here. The word or the logos.

Devon did a phenomenal job breaking down the word, the the logos and arma last week. The word or the logos is a lamp unto your feet and a guide unto your path because it helps you to see the stones that you need to pick up. Remember what did what did David say? Yay. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, death is darkness. I fear no evil because you're with me. Why? Because your word is a lamp unto my feet and a guide onto my path. It shows what's in front of me. I have something to share real quick. Let me let me just

>> It will help. So when you So when you spend time reading the word, it will illuminate you, illuminate your eyes to see stones out of the word. I'm getting ahead of myself. Devon also said last week, let me cover this first. In first in 1st Samuel chapter 7, um the Israelites was getting ready to be attacked and they cried out to Samuel because they were in sin. They cried out to Samuel, cry out to God to help us. The Lord um so what they did was that Samuel told them, "Get rid of your idols. Everything that turns God

off, get rid of it." The Bible says they got rid of it. It said right after that Samuel went and prayed, made a sacrifice unto God and God heard him. As a result of that, the enemy that was coming to attack them, it said God thundered against them. Supernatural power was manifest against them, brought them into confusion and destroyed the enemy. Samuel raised up a rock and called it Ebeneza, which was my stone of help. Remember that what Devon said last week about Rama, right? He said Rama, a Rama word is a weapon.

So repentance, as you saw in that passage I just explained to you, allowed them to receive an encounter with God to destroy their enemy. Repentance brings revelation. Repentance reveals light. Repentance releases power against what is fighting you. So here's something you need to know. How many of you know that sometime when you're reading the Bible and it seems like it's like sandpaper and there sometimes when you're reading the Bible and a bunch of stuff just start popping out to you like over and over and over. You had those encounters

before. When you start getting a lot of revelation that comes to you from the word, it's a sign that there's a giant on the horizon. There's a temptation that's coming. I'm telling what the Holy Spirit revealed to me. There's a temptation that's coming. So you need to pay attention to the kinds of revelations that God is bringing to your attention. Now when you study the word, God is highlighting certain revelations in this season because he's revealing them to you in hope you will keep them, meditate on them, and pick them up so you can be

able to slay the beast that will be starting to taunt you when you get in your promised land. >> How many understand what I'm saying? I'mma say that one more time because I feel led to say it. When you're spending time in the word and a bunch of revelation and things start popping out to you more than normal, pay attention to what is being shown to you. Because these are things God is hoping that the words that jump out the page that you're writing it and etching it in your heart because it's a sign that there's something that's going

to come to challenge you on the road. But God is already preparing you before the battle comes so you could win. You know, Pastor Author has been preaching about going to heaven for I don't know how long. And it wasn't until just last week when Devon was preaching where I got the concept of what you do in time actually affects you in eternity. After years of listening into it, I just it actually just clicked that in heaven there's no time. There's no decrease or increase. It's constant. Living in the realm of time is for the

purpose of creating your constant in eternity. I literally just got that last week from him preaching. I literally sat right there. That man got I got almost 40% of this whole entire teaching while he was sitting right while I was sitting right there. I ain't hear half of what he said. I just know that I was hearing him like w and then what the Holy Spirit does cuz he does it with pass with me sometimes too. He starts to whisper in my ear a whole bunch of stuff I haven't heard before. And the reason why is to share

with the people because he wants people to know we're in the end time. And he doesn't want for you to miss anything that he has for you. Okay, graphic. You don't fight to remove what has legal authority over you. You fight to believe and enforce what already was done. There's nothing that there's no demonic power that has authority over anyone here. I just read to you Luke chapter 10 verse 19, right? You have power over all of them. Nothing has legal right over you anymore. >> And that's the and that's the the trap

saying keeps the church in. Keep thinking there's something I need to break. There ain't nothing you need to break or something you need to enforce. It was already done. In other words, you fight from your position as a child of God. You're not fighting to achieve a position. And you need strong faith to know that before you get into any fight, the work was already finished. Next graphic. All Christians have faith. Most have their faith rooted in their experience rather than their encounters with the word. Next graphic. What's a graphic? This a

graphic that I have. I didn't give you guys this one. Many have faith. Only a few develop their faith based on what God said, while most have their faith developed by what they go through. So, you allow your circumstances to tell you what God would do versus what his words say. graphic. Stop aligning your confessions with history. Start aligning it with your redemption. Let's look at Judges chapter 6:1. I'm going to show you why you need to stop aligning yourself with with your past and what happened before. And they came, and there came an angel

of the Lord, and sat under the oak, which was an offer, that pertained unto Joaz the Esbarite, and his son Gideon thresh wheat by the wine press to hide it from the Midionites. And an angel of the Lord appeared unto Gideon, and said, The Lord is with you, you mighty man of valor. Look at Gideon here, aligning himself with his past. Oh, oh my Lord, if the Lord be with us, why did all these negative things keep happening to us? Where are all these miracles that our fathers told us about? Did not the did not the Lord bring us up out of Egypt?

But now the Lord has forsaken us and delivered us into the hand of the Midionites. I want you to see what's happening, right? This man is in the middle of his encounter with God. And God is telling him, declaring to him how heaven sees him. and he's declaring what his experience is showing him. And then he said and the Bible says the next verse verse 14 I wonder how God's face was. He said God looked upon him and said go in this thy might. You will save Israel from the hand of the enemy Midionites. Did I not send you?

Look at what he says again. Oh my Lord, whereth shall I save Israel? Behold, my family is poor in Manessa. How many of us do this? Uh, but my family is poor in Manessa. I'm the least in my father's house. The Lord again did not acknowledge anything the man said. Told him, he said, "Surely I will be with you, and you will smite the Midionites as one man. I'll make you so strong in the spirit, you'll be able to destroy an entire army by yourself." And he said unto him, "Okay now, okay, if I found grace in your sight, then

show me a sign that you talk to me." And I I'm going just I'm going just end it. I could go through that whole thing, but long story short, he created an offering and the Lord received the offering. He said, "Wow, the Lord was really here." Next graphic. What you believe, yes, is what you will experience. And what you experience now by your belief will follow you into eternity, whether for your good or for your bad because it's spiritual law. This is why the Bible talks about those six substances. Gold, silver, jewels, wood,

hay, stubble. either you what what you believe and what you do is going to follow you into that realm. Next graphic. If you believe that you are cursed, you will spiritually interpret every negative thing that happens to you as a confirmation of that curse rather than seeing it as a tiny setback or a launch pad that will lead you into your blessing. Too many people because of their belief when something happened. You see the devil's attacking me. You see the devil's this. You see I I know I'm cursed. I know I'm cursed. So every time

when something negative is happening which they fail to realize all things work together for the good of those that love God and that whatever you face in facing now is to set you up to destroy what's coming. They always see it as a curse. You we need to know our identity in Christ. The Bible says Jesus was made a curse for us. As it is written, curse is anyone that hangs upon a tree that the blessing of Abraham might come unto us through Christ to the Gentiles. When we became born again, we became Abraham's seed. God made a vow to

himself that the blessing that's on Abraham is going to come to pass. So, he made a vow to you that everything he promised is going to come to pass. He sworn by himself cuz he could have sworn by anybody else greater. And we constantly keep looking at what we go through and make that the determining factor of who we are. What you go through is not who you are. It's how you is the way how you get out is proves who you are. >> Look at this graphic. Your identity molds your perception. Your perception or how you view things

fuels what you experience. So, how you think about yourself or what you know about yourself will cause you to will cause you to see if something is half full or half empty. If something negative has happened, if if it's a demon attacking you or if it's God showing you there's an opportunity here. All of that is tied to your identity. It all boils back down to how you think. So, I have this here. It's a note. I didn't give them this something the Lord gave me, but I'm going to share real quick and then we'll close.

Satan's greatest device is suggestions or thoughts. Listen to this. If you don't kill that negative thought that Satan gave you, it will become a seed that's planted. Left uncheck, that seed will become an expectation. Left uncheck at that point that expectation then becomes a cycle, right? meaning what you expect or what you believe by faith you naturally do. So you'll constantly keep repeating this thing in the spiritual realm because you didn't destroy in the mind. As a result, the cycle becomes a self-fulfilling

prophecy and then you and it starts to fuel your belief and the cycle continues and continues and continues versus when you see something negative, you cast it down because of the word that says opposite. If you don't cast it down, but you keep meditating on it, it starts to affect your whole entire life. It's what you believe and what you do that creates the outcome of your life. It's not just what you confess. Real warfare is character, not cursing the devil in prayer. Come on. >> Breaking be breaking behaviors are

impossible without breaking the agreement first. >> You can't change your actions. Why' I say it like that? You can't change your actions. You can't [laughter] change your actions without changing your identity. You can't change your actions without changing your identity. What you do stems from what you believe. I look at this graphic. Identity is the root of the pattern, not your behavior. Your behavior is the fruit. You need to find out where this fruit is coming from and who planted it there. I I think I'll

[snorts] few more minutes. So the story of David and Goliath, how many of us are familiar with the story, right? Um he killed Goliath. He slayed Goliath and all the people saw and they was rejoicing. The B I'm going to read you a passage of scripture that showed you because the Bible says after David killed Goliath and then they you know Saul tried to kill him. It said when David was in the cave of Adulum, it said that all these men came unto him. They were depressed. They were broken. They were in debt. They were um oppressed. They all came to

David because David was able to prove a revelation that he had. Remember when when they said, "You can't kill this giant." He said, "I'm the revelation that God gave me was I'm able to kill a lion and a bear. So, I'm going to do the same thing to this uncircumcised Philistine." Right after because David implemented what he learned and trained himself in what he learned so he can have fruit. Look at what happened in um the next thing you hear about is about David's u mighty men. And let me explain to you what happened.

The Bible says that the men came after him was able to kill the sons of Anoch or the Reapites. These were all of Goliath's brothers and bloodlines. So David went did it first, proved it. And everybody that followed David was now able to do the same thing. They killed one of them. I'm going to read real quick. Killed Goliath's brother. One of them was gonna let me don't get let me read the read the passage so y'all can see what I'm talking about. 2 Samuel chapter 21:15-17. Once again, the Philistines were at war

with Israel. And when David and his men were in the thick of the battle, look at this. David became weak and exhausted. Ishb Benob, what a name, was a descendant of the giants. He came from Goliath. He had a bronze spear that weighed seven pounds and he was armed with a new sword. The Bible says he cornered David. He was about to kill this dude. I could imagine what's going on his mind. You think I'm going to let you live after you kill my father, my ancestor? I'm going to kill you in this corner. Look what the next verse says.

But Abishi, the son of Zerui or uh yeah, Zerui came to David's rescued and killed the Philistine. Then that's when David's men said, "Yeah, you ain't coming out here again? Why risk snuffing out the light of Israel?" Look at 1 Chronicles 20 verse 1-8. In the spring of the year, when kings normally go out to war, Joab led the Israelite army in successful attacks against the land of the Ammonites. In the process, he laid siege of the city of Rabba, attacking it and destroying it. But David stayed in Jerusalem. David went to Rabba, took the

crown off the king's head, and put it on his own head. The crown was made out of gold set in gems, and it weighed about 75 pounds. That's a heavy crown. David took a vast amount of the plunder from the city. He also made slaves of the people of Rabba and forced them to do labors with Saul, iron picks, and iron axes. This is how David dealt with the Ammonite towns. Then David and all the army of Jerusalem, all the army trumped to Jerusalem. Here we go. Look at verse four. After this, war broke out against the Philistines again at Giza.

And they fought as they fought Sibi from Husha. Husha is one of the locations in the tribe of Judah killed Saf. Saf was also a descendant of the giant. And so the is and so the Philistines were subdued. So I'm trying to show you the power of practicing revelation. When you practice revelation, everybody that follows you behind will be be able to do the same exact thing. Verse 5. Then during another battle the Philistines or with the Philistines El Hanan the son of Jer killed Lami who was the brother of Goliath of Gath. Man kill

Goliath brother. The Bible says that um that this dude's beam of spear was thick as a weaver's beam. A weaver's beam is about this thick around. I don't know how I can imagine these dudes hands. In verse six, in another battle, the Philistines at Gath, they encountered a huge man with six fingers on each hand and six toes, 24 and all. He was a descendant of Goliath. But when he defied and taunted Israel because they saw David do it, it said Jonathan killed him. you if you think your father is gonna come and taunt and

not get and get killed and you think you're gonna come and do the same thing, I'm gonna show you something. So, this is for all of us here. There's things that has been attacking our family line and bloodline over time. At some point, you need to rise up against that giant that's taunting you. And there's a I have a something written down here. There's some giants in this generation. Iniquity, lust, rebellion. You know, in the satanic book, it promotes as the first law cuz they cuz most of you don't know this. I used to study this stuff

before. There are nine laws in the Satanic Bible. What he call the the satanic Bible. the nine laws. The reason why the number nine was chosen because the number nine is a number of truth. The Holy Spirit gives you nine gifts. The Holy Spirit has nine fruit. Nine is the only number that if you add it, the numbers behind. If you add it, it turns back to nine. It always comes back to itself. So Satan wasn't stupid when he chose nine. But the main law that he has, the first commandment is do as thou wilt. that is rebel against everything else

and do what you want. When the Bible tells you rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft. So what Satan is trying to get most of the young people to do is to do what you will and engage in witchcraft through rebellion. That way I could possess your life. >> Why? Because the more it means forget the will of God, rebel against what the word of God says. Because the more rebellion is the more witchcraft, sinfulness, lust, offense, pride, and nobody could correct you. So now h now I explained all of this. How do we continue to destroy the

demonic structures in our life and to be used by God? Number one, you must repent. That's it. Without repentance, you can't be recruited. Without repentance, you will not be redeemed and fit for the master's use. Repentance is not what you say only in a prayer, but what you do afterwards. Jesus said, "By their fruits, you'll know them. Not by not by their sayings, you'll know them." Spiritual warfare is not just in prayers. What Devon covered last week regarding the armors armor of God is something we must apply. It's what you

do that equips you for war, not simply what you say. It's what you apply, not what you cry. I got one more page and we're done. 1 Corinthians 4:20, King James. For the kingdom of God is not in words, but in power. The word power there is from the word dunamis in the Greek which means that the kingdom of God is in the mighty wonderful works and the ability to perform things. So this is how Satan gains mastery over the church. Get them to pray in the fire of the Holy Ghost but never let the Holy Ghost fire refine them.

Get them to pray in the fire of the Holy Ghost, but never allow the Holy Ghost fire to refine them. I'mma read that passage again. 1 Corinthians 4:20. For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power. Look at this graphic. Never focus. Did I give her that? Yeah. Never focus on what you have received as the foundation of who you are. Focus on the one that gave it to you. >> And that person is Jesus Christ. I saw this quote and we done. We're pretty much done. I saw this quote and I screenshotted it. Um, I was watching a Lawrence Oil um,

it's like a small clip he had like for eight minutes and somebody in the comments put cuz Lawrence was talking about making sure that um, when things are going good, that's not the only time you praise God. You need to be praising him when things are going wrong because that will show when you're squeezed what's who you really are. In the comment, somebody put I'mma share this for everyone. I should have gave this as a graphic. I didn't think about it. It said, "Dear Joseph," talking about those who have, let me

read the quote. "Dear Joseph, is your coat of many colors the reason you serve God? We will only know when it is stripped off of you." I was like, "Yeah, because think about it." And that got a revelation. Remember, Joseph was the was um Jacob's favorite son according to the Bible. And he received from his father a coat that distinguished him. So, he's asking, "Is that the reason why you're serving God? Let's go ahead and remove it and see if if if your heart would say the same. Men lose things all the time, but it's

their connection to the giver that helps them to recover all without fail. Let's all stand real quick. Let's just stand for a minute and let's just give God thanks for that word, for the things he taught us. Remember I told you at the beginning everything that we share from this pulpit the pastor must the pastor or the minister must practice it. It was his rebuke just as well as yours. This is how someone can come be preached [music] to and then people and that pastor can fall but the people basically grow from what they learn because the

pastor thinks they're exempt. But just take a moment and just give God thanks for that word and just cry and ask the Lord. Lord, open my heart so I could be able to receive the wonderful things out of your word, out of your law. Help me to see the stones that's on the pathway. Help me to see the stones. Come on, just lift your voice for a moment. Ask God to help you to see the stones that's on the pathway so you can be able to destroy that Goliath that might be standing in your [music] promised land. Father, we ask that you you'll empower

us. You'll give us strength, Father, to endure to the end. Give us strength. Give us grace, Lord God, to obey your word. Give us power, Lord God, Father, to understand and practice what we learn today. Help us, Lord God, Father, to not be disqualified because we preach and don't practice what we preach. Give us grace, Lord God, to be obedient to the end. To be obedient to the end, to be the obedient to the end. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for grace to be obedient, to be disciplined, to be trained. Help us to go past the realm of

being a believer but to become a doer of the word. Help us Lord God to be distinguished from this world because our character proves Lord God we belong to Christ. Give us strength to obey, strength and grace to obey and we thank you for it in Jesus name. [snorts] Amen. So with every uh we're going to read a couple of pastor scripture real quick for salvation for those who want to give their life to Christ. [music] Everything I just sh or rededicate your life. Everything I just shared to you could never be manifest in your life

until you become one with Christ. You need to become one with him so you can become a wonder to your world. First 2 Samuel 14:14. All must die eventually. Our lives are like water spilled out on the ground which cannot be gathered up again. But God doesn't just sweep life away. Instead, he devises ways to bring us back when we have been separated from him. Isaiah 30:18. So the Lord must wait for you to come to him so he will show you his love and compassion. For the Lord is a faithful God. Blessed are those who wait for his help. Isaiah

44:22. I swept I have swept your sins away like a cloud. I have ga I have scattered your offenses like the morning mist. Oh return to me for I have paid the [music] price to set you free. Thank you Lord Jesus. Romans 4:7. Oh what joy for those whose disobedience is forgiven whose sins are put out of sight. Yes what joy for those who record the Lord has cleared of sin. And then this is how you do it. Romans chapter 10:9. If you openly declare that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be

saved. For it is by believing in your heart that you are made right with God. And it is by openly declaring your faith that you are saved. So on the screen, we'll have the prayer for those who want to rededicate your life and those who want to be born again. You can't be able to be a wonder to your world without knowing Christ. You can't be delivered. You can't operate in power. You can't do anything. You're not safe without being saved. So, if that's you, just take a moment. You have to open your mouth and declare it.

So, declare out of your mouth. You don't have to say it out loud. You could whisper it, but just pray and just pray that prayer on the on the on the screen [music] and just rededicate your heart and your life to Christ so he can endow you with wisdom, endow you with the Holy Spirit, [music] and endow you with power. Just lift your voice everyone while they pray that gene. Father in Jesus name, we thank you Lord God for those who are being reconciled unto you this morning. Thank you Lord God for redeeming them from the

curse. Thank you for redeeming them from demonic bondage. Thank you Lord God for breaking the yoke around their neck. Thank you Lord God for for severing them from demonic ancestral ties and drawing them into your kingdom. Thank you Lord God for giving them access to your word. Opening their eyes so they can see you the wonderful things out of your word. opening their ears so they can hear your precious voice. Just lift your voice for a few more minutes as they pray. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Just give God thanks

and praise. Thank you, Lord God, for saving us, for protecting us, for empowering us. Thank you, Lord God, for not leaving us on the wayside. Thank you, Lord God, for not allowing us to die in our sins, die in our error, die in our pride, die in our lust, die in our confusion. Thank you for giving us ways out of all situations. Thank you Lord God for providing success for us in every season. We thank you Lord God for redemption. Thank you for your precious blood that was shed. Thank you Jesus for your sacrifice on us for the cross.

Thank you for your precious Holy Spirit. And we give you thanks and praise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Now I can catch my breath. So, I think we have a couple of announcements. How many of you were blessed by the word? That thing looks so small. [applause] So, today is the last day for those that want to give to the toy to the toy drive. Unwrapped, unopened gifts. Don't give us gifts that was from your children. Give us new unwrapped toys and gifts. Not used gifts. Don't wrap it. Just give us

gifts if you want to. Today's the last day. Please do not give us canned goods. We want toys, not canned goods. The gifts will be distributed next week. Next week. And I think we have one more about the baptism. So next week for those of you who will be here just continue to live Pastor O and Pastor Arana up. They will be back. He text me yesterday. He said I'll see you when I get back. So I know he got some things he wants to share. So I would just say just um for those who wants to be a part of the baptism. Next week, Sunday the

21st is when we will have that baptism. For those that want to sign up, you go to the to that uh website and you'll see a water baptism tab and you'll be able to sign up there. So before we transition, just want to say I really do appreciate all of you and I really want to see God do really great things in everyone's life. Remember I told you all before I told you last time I was up here, I said that the time is coming where everybody that's a part of this church is going to be used by God mightily. God is going to

use everyone to be on the front line. I don't know if anybody remember when I said that. Literally on Pastor Oath before he left, he said he needs to recruit more ministers and more pastors because of where we're going next year. He needs to raise up a lot of people to be [music] used. I told you to prepare. It's coming and y'all going to be used. So, I hope you guys are preparing. Hope you guys are keeping your hearts primed. I'm just excited about what God has planned for each and every one of you. Amen. So, do we have any firsttime

visitors with us today? We're a little bit Hey, and just give a clap for our first time visitors. They're going to take you uh to our hospitality room over here. You just go over there for a moment so I can be able to greet you, give you a little bit of information. Let's get by hand for our first-time visitors. [applause] If you're a first- time visitor, just go over here. Me and my wife will meet you in a second. [applause and music] Thank you, Lord. [applause] [music] Thank you, Lord. >> [applause] [applause]

>> So yeah, I was wondering why we were I was like we were a little bit light today, but I forgot my brother is doing a inner healing session today. So I'm like, "Oh, that makes sense." Half the church is over there helping other people minister. So it's amazing when God can use us in different capacities. So that's a wrap. So thank you all for your time. I'm going to say a prayer of blessing over over you all. Father in Jesus name. I declare the peace of God to follow that's in this place to the home of every son and daughter of God in

this house. We declare no accidents, no engine failures, no flat tires, no hurt, harm or danger. We declare that this week will be our week, our week of financial breakthrough, our week of financial um insight, revelation. We thank you Lord God that this will be the best week of our lives. Thank you Lord God for opening up doors and the windows of heaven for us. Pouring out a blessing that we cannot receive. And for this we give you thanks and praise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all and we'll see you next week.