TITLE: NYE Impartation Service
VIDEO ID: quwFmGB4YG4
URL: https://youtu.be/quwFmGB4YG4
============================================================

this evening. And you may be seated. [music] Let's give our praise team a hand. for taking us to heaven and to the gym at the same time. I told my wife I wore a picked the wrong day to wear a suit jacket. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you. Amen. Amen. Glad to see y'all out on this evening. I uh when we first started the church, we did New Year's Eve service um the traditional way [snorts] and then we had the nerve a couple of years to actually do food afterwards. We will never do

that again. >> [laughter] >> Oh, no. I mean, the food was good, but just we were completely wore out, man. Woo. We And so, and then I just uh I just uh I just stopped doing it for a m moment. And uh so I've done it from time to time and I like doing it early just as for me. Of course, the young people, they need something that goes till 3 o'clock in the morning, you know. But but but uh I like waking up early the next day and enjoying it, not sleeping till 3:00 a.m., you know, and so and then of course, you know, having a uh that's one thing about

our church is that the elder and the young serve and worship together. So I want to be sensitive to them. And then sometimes, you know, it's nice to just, you know, there's no there's nothing wrong with it. You know, Devon said something to me, the associate pastor. He said something to me that was so powerful for the service before the service. He said, "People make make New Year's resolutions." He said, "I don't make them because the Bible tells you to make a resolution every morning. You're not supposed to waste 12 months

and then say, "Let me start over." You're supposed to actually start over every day, day by day. As my father said, you know, said the Bible says, "Give us this day our daily bread, not our weekly bread. our daily bread, you know. So, you know, we're in a very unique place in that uh can y'all imagine what would have happened if I had have just done a regular New Year's Eve servant? I couldn't. I mean, this place is packed just with the people who are uh pretty much serving. And so, uh and a lot of them are missing, which is crazy. So, you know, I

I do know that next year, um I have people even looking for and scouting for other buildings, not necessarily for us to buy. that could happen. People have had dreams about somebody giving us a bigger building than this one, which is kind of crazy, but uh but a place for us to be able to come together and do uh services al together. I'm like, what is the place that is across the street from the mall? [snorts] Um yeah, like places like the Cobb Galleria, amphitheaters, different different things like that. Um

and then so in the future um I I need places where I can handle you know all of the amount of people from three services plus people online and then we'll have times where I will minister just to the people that serve. Um so the Lord started placing that on my heart. Jesus he started with 12 disciples then he anointed 70. And so what's very interesting is you never really hear about the 70 and what they did uh because they were more the crowd. Then when it came to the disciples uh they were committed but for some reason

you always saw Jesus when it came to special things he would only do it with three. And so there are times when you have to pull the people together that are really keeping the ministry together. At the typical church, usually only 5 to 10% of people actually serve and volunteer. Uh we have a a little bit well we had better results but then the church started blowing up and so now I don't know where we are but uh uh so that's what it is that we're looking at. This is very very important. um they're going to record this. It's streaming, of

course, and [snorts] moving forward, every person that wants to volunteer and serve, uh it'll be mandatory for them to watch this video if they've never seen it. Because one of the things that we realize is my wife and I, we came from circles where I mean, you just served. You know, some of you may come from like, you know, like the Baptist and Methodist churches and they serve, you know, I mean, some of y'all came to church from churches where it was Sunday morning service, Saturday afternoon service, and then, yeah, I'm

glad I didn't go to one of those Baptist churches. I would have been like, and so, and we came from, you know, when we switched over to Pentecostal circles, um, uh, you know, we were really taught to serve. So, one of the things that I recognize is most people have never been taught to serve. So, when they join a church and they volunteer, they do it with their mentality never understanding what is expected of them from God. And so, so, so I just want to go over some scriptures to encourage you, uh, even warn you, um, make adjustments maybe on

some things, but greatly just to restore you, not restore you, refresh you, encourage you. And then at the end, we're going to do, uh, an imp an impartation session where we're going to anoint ourselves with oil and I'll explain that at the very end so I won't be long so we'll minister it's very important for everybody to hear this because uh we are at a special place right now this was my 19th time to Nigeria and your 16th and so this is the first time we all went over there but somebody came back with us not positive

either and so one of the things that you all all are going to have to be careful of is that in the invisible realm they never see one man. The group is supposed to be one. I never will forget I cast a demon out of someone one time and I asked him a question and I was a little not alarmed but I was a little surprised by his answer. I said, "Let me ask you a question." I said, "Is it true that when we pray in tongues um that it produces power?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Is it also true that the longer we pray?" I said, "The more power

is produced." He said, "Yes." Listen, this I know people going freak out tomorrow. You having a conversation with a demon? Yeah, Jesus did. He said, "Yes." He said, "But what's more important?" He said, "Is your unity?" He said, "If you don't pray in tonesues, but if you just unified, it would be greater than if all of you prayed in tonesues." And so so you know I have to be very careful you know trying to break unity in a place like this how many you know is very very difficult that's almost you know but one of the things about Satan

how many you know Jesus is a perfect king it did not stop Satan from attacking him 40 days straight in Luke chapter 4 how many you know your heavenly father is a perfect God it did not stop Satan from convincing one out of every three angel to rebel against somebody that created him and so it's been a long time since Satan has seen something like this on this side of the world. He's trying to find a way to destroy it. If they can't destroy it, they'll frustrate it. At least try to slow it down. Just offer them something.

Do anything. It's almost like a panic mode because he's watching social media. He's looking at what's going on. And let me tell you something, growth means nothing. What the difference is, what's making a difference is is that imagine a place that every person that comes in contact with this place takes a step closer to God. That's the problem. Facebook numbers mean nothing. You know, I think we'll be at 1.9 million followers just on Facebook in the next two days. Wonderful. Nothing. The problem that Satan is having, of course, is that

these people are coming in contact with us. And when they listen to us, they're hearing the word. They're not hearing political stuff. Okay? They're not hearing racial stuff. They're not hearing foolish stuff and sinful stuff. And they're hearing the word. And so, and and they're we're teaching them how to pray. They're getting delivered of different things. You know, it's just unbelievable. And so, Satan has to always hear a report. Okay. How did you where are you coming from? Well, you know, I got kicked out or such such such

such. You where are you coming from? Well, the person was uh depressed, but then they listened, you know, to that crazy church that we can't stand, and then they now have joy. And so eventually, what happens is is that you begin to draw. And here's the other problem. Because we attract so many people now internationally, we are now having to deal with international demons. Okay? The number one group to reach out to us are the Pakistanis and the Indians. They keep they they are begging me to come to Pakistan. I'm like, "No,

no, I'm going to talk, we're going to talk to Venad about Pakistan first cuz he's from India and say, I'll go over there without y'all." Uh-uh. No, cuz Pakistan is crazy, you know. And so, uh, but you know, so I just just I mean, from China, around the world, I Japan, I mean, there have been people reaching out to us from countries and I had to go to map go to the map and see if the country even existed. And so, so my wife was saying that to me yesterday. She said, "That's the power. God is using the power of digital media

and what it does is it allow before you could only stretch out in your neighborhood. Now I can stretch out to the ends of the world. Okay? And so and so they in order to try to stop this and slow this down, they have to try to pick apart pieces just can we get this person? Can we get that person? Can we frustrate this person? Can we frustr that? So the people that they are generally going to go for is not the congregation members. They're going to go for the ones that serve. We got to get We got to start and a large team

will show up. We got to start poking. We have to start proddding. We have to start doing this. So, we're in the midst of creating duplicates. But let me just give you an encouraging word. And and I I feel led to say this last thing, and that is you all um there's one thing that you are going to have to learn to deal with as we move into next year is that you always are going to start feeling crazy. Okay, these these things I mean it's they don't hit the ones that are doing anything. They hit the ones that are

producing the most. And you got to be ready to hear have your mind going tilt you feeling funny. You going to have to make sure that you stay on point. Everybody needs to have a vision board. Everyone needs to have a prayer journal. Everyone needs to have a confession. You need to stay on point as much as you can. Hey, if you did if you miss doing something on Monday, just get back up and do it on Tuesday. >> [clears throat] >> But we are here at the end and the Lord has chosen us to accomplish something and um they're going to attack all of

us. [clears throat] So let's start with first Corinthians. This is going to greatly encourage you. My wife, she proof read my stuff. She said, "This is a wonderful sermon." I said, "I can't wait to hear this." I was like, "Oh, cool." [snorts] 1 Corinthians 12:28. God has set some in the church. First apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, help. Let me go back for a second. Gifts of healings. And there are a lot of people that have gifts of healings, but the church won't let them operate in it.

Okay. Um because this Bible says that God set this in the church, right? It did not Oh, well gifts of healings. Everyone say helps >> governments and diversities of tongues. This is not rank. Most people think this is rank because of how men carry themselves. This is not rank. This is an order of purpose. Okay? And an apostle is not somebody that's deep. I am an apostle. I don't usually like to say that because of some of the other apostles that, you know, got people carrying around in a chair and a cane and a special hat and all

that type of craziness, you know. These guys want to be deep so bad, you know. But apostle is just simply someone that God has called to do a new work and to prove that it's of God. It has a lot of signs and wonders following it. That's why there are a lot of signs and wonders concerning this ministry. So, but first, you have to call the apostle. He's the one who has to start this thing. See, I want you to see the order of purpose and not rank. First, apostles, secondarily, prophets. Well, guess what? Prophets are for the

purpose of declaring what is going to happen in the future. And they are they can be the eagle eyes of the ministry. And so, then guess what? As a result of that, people start showing up. So, you got to have teachers because you teach the people, their faith increases. So, miracles start popping out. Then, gifts of healing start popping out. Then, the church start exploding. So guess what? You need helps. And because it keeps on growing, now you need governments or systems to keep all of this in place. And the

diversity of tongues is the power that upholds all things together. So that is not rank. I'm sure some right reverses are going to disagree with me, but that's okay. That is not rank. That is an order of purpose. But the key one is helps. You know, uh most, you know, I'm an apostle. We have some prophets here. Uh third, we have teachers and and and we have people that operate in miracles, gifts of healings, you know, and but generally the the the major um part of the congregation starts in the ministry of helps, usher, children's

church, parking lot, music, I mean all of those different type of functions. Um it's the min of uh ministry of helps. But not everyone who serves serves correctly. In John 15 1-3, this is where we're going to go. I am the true grape vine and my father is the gardener. He cuts off every branch of mine that doesn't produce fruit. He prunes the branches that do bear fruit so they will produce even more. You have already been pruned and purified by the message I have given you. So that lets you know that the ma main way that God prunes you is not

beating you up. The main way that God's prun God prunes you is by giving you the word. He said you have already been pruned and purified by the what? Message. Okay. So if you are doing well, God will adjust you by giving you certain examples or speaking to you with his word so that you can bear more fruit. Just hit my finger. Okay. Isaiah 2:2. In the last days, the mountain of the Lord's house will be the highest of all, the most important place on earth. [snorts] It will be raised above the other hills. That's mountains and hills is referring

to organizations, um, companies, governments, all of that. And people from all over the world will stream there to worship. In this graphic, it says, "Serving God's kingdom is the most important thing you can do for your entire life. Hold on just a second." Okay. Apple products can confuse you. Something popped up and says you have 10%. Apparently, it's talking about my earpods. I thought iPad is only has 10%. Okay. I'm sorry. Let's go back, y'all. Serving God, serving God's kingdom is the most important thing you can do for

your entire life. According to scripture, the house of the Lord is the most important place on earth. Not your job, not your company, not the government, not the education system. The house of the Lord is the most important place on earth. We just read that. Therefore, those who work in and for the most important organization during the history of time will be rewarded and regarded differently than those who just go to church. Romans 12:4 says, "Just as" and then this is very important too because I told you about how that that previous

scripture was not ranked. These are a couple of scriptures that show you that God sees all of us the same. And the people that we might think God sees as less than, he gives them more honor so that they can be equal to you. In other words, God is not impressed by my little raggedy title. Romans 12:4, just as our bodies have many parts and each part has a special function, so it is with Christ's body. How many in here you are part of the Christ body? We are many parts of one body and we all belong to each other.

Let me tell you something. This is a little deeper moment here, but I end up 56 years old and I bit my finger, bit off something and end up with a bacterial infection in my middle finger. And uh how many you know it's amazing how one little small area can affect your whole body. I told my wife the other day, I said, I am amazed because you know cuz I wasn't quite doing it right. I was kind of do it by common sense and theory. You know how men they don't like to never mind try to put together the bicycle and then

when it has one wheel you didn't start over and read the instructions and so there was there were a few days there I was really much in pain and I was taking some pain medication trying to figure out how to get this thing healed and it was amaz it's amazing how one little thing can affect the entire body. It's also amazing how pain causes certain things to enter your mind that don't belong there. Okay. And I began to realize that this is my little middle finger here and it's causing me this much drama. And then the

Holy Spirit spoke to me something that is very very indepth. He said that's why I said in scripture if one member suffers all do. So that's a much deeper level than we can ever imagine. But but but there's a ripple effect when we are not doing well spiritually. It causes a ripple effect through the rest of the body of Christ which will help you understand why the body of Christ is not doing that well. All right. In his grace, God has given us different gifts for doing certain things well. [snorts] So if God has given you the

ability to prophesy, speak out with as much faith as God has given you. If your gift is serving others, notice these are gifts, people. If your gift is serving others, serve them well. If you are a teacher, teach well. If your gift is to encourage others, be encouraging. Notice that's a gift to encourage people. People that have a gift of encouragement always have to be careful because the side effect of the gift of encouragement is depression. If your gift is to encourage others, be encouraging. If it is giving, give

generously. If God has given you leadership ability, take the responsibility seriously. And if you have a gift for showing kindness to others, do it glidely. So notice that if you told someone in the world you have a gift for kindness, they may laugh at you. But God considers these things extremely important. Look at 1 Corinthians 12:21. The eye can never say to the hand, "I don't need you." The head can't say to the feet, "I don't need you." In fact, some parts of the body that seem weakest, he didn't say they were weak. He said they seem that

way because of your mentality. They seem weakest and least important are actually the most necessary. And the parts we regard, not God, the parts we regard as less honorable are those we clothe with the greatest care. So we carefully protect those parts that should not be seen while the more honorable parts do not require this special care. So God has put the body together such that extra honor and care are given to those parts that have less dignity. In other words, I'll put it in my vernacular. Be careful who you look down

on. As you're looking down on them, God is looking down on you. >> [snorts] >> All right, I'm just walking through these. I just wanted to minister to you so you can feel refreshed and you can go home and watch movies. And I'm going home today and my wife and I start watching uh um the Ten Commandments, not this new modern day AI foolishness. The who who's the main actor? >> Charles H. How many know man we were looking at that we were like this movie was like 60 years ahead of its time. The money and the effort and the detail that

they put in that Moses. That's the truth. That's man I got to go home and watch Tinker M. I was enjoying that. My and my wife had never really seen it. She was like this is actually good even though it's from the 1950s. Look at this graphic. every church because I uh because really tonight is about seeing how God values you, how important you are and so that you can take that seriously. [snorts] So we are c I'm sorry for where am I every church called by God is an embassy in planet earth. The key is every church

called by God. How many of you know the United States government will not allow me to open up an embassy in Taiwan without their permission? >> Will I have their support? >> Yet some guys think that they can open up a church without God's permission. That's why things are not working because they got a saying overseas. It's possible to be in ministry but God does not know. Did you never mind. So every church is an embassy. You all know what an embassy is. A embassy is a building where a lot of the United States citizens meet in order to protect

and promote the special interest of the kingdom that they are a citizen of. So every church that's called by God is actually an embassy in planet earth. He then draws people to certain embassies so that they can protect and advance the special interest of the kingdom of God. You understand what I'm saying? So, you're not supposed to be a churchgoer. You're supposed to be an employee of the church. And we'll get to that. For he has rescued us from the kingdom of darkness and transferred us into the kingdom of his dear son. So, when you

gave your life to Christ, your citizenship changed. That's a powerful scripture which lets you know that you were in the kingdom of darkness first. You gave life to Christ and they transferred your citizenship into the kingdom of light. >> Second Corinthians in the amplified it says, "So we are Christ ambassadors." How many you know an ambassador is somebody that is in another country representing the country that he is from. And because he is an ambassador, he also has a support of his government. Which is why God said anytime you call

me, I will answer. God is making his appeal as it as it were through us. We as Christ's personal representatives beg you for his sake to lay hold of the divine favor now offered you and be reconciled to God. So this is an embassy. You we are God's ambassadors. Okay? And God expects you to do work for him. In Philippians 3:20 in the next graphic it says we are citizens of heaven. How many glad about that? We are citizens of heaven where the Lord Jesus Christ lives and we are eagerly waiting for him to return as our savior.

We are citizens of the kingdom of God where there is no such thing as a volunteer. That's where I jump in. We are citizens of a kingdom where there is no such thing as a volunteer. So people say, "I volunteer a church." No, you don't. 1 Corinthians 3:9 says, "For and and I'm sharing this also so that you can be encouraged to be faithful and for those who have never heard this before, those that are listening and others that they can get involved with serving because you are not volunteering. God pays different." 1 Corinthians 3:9, for we

are both God's workers. You are God's field. You are God's building. How many you know workers are supposed to get paid? >> Okay. But God always pays up. He just pays differently than men. There are some careers and there are some jobs in planet earth where you get paid daily, you get paid weekly, um twice a week, once a month. There are some jobs where you get paid when it's done. There are some jobs where when it's done, you get paid, but it might take months for you to get paid. Okay? Projects, different things like that. So here, what you So,

how many know Let me say this. How can I put this? Whatever God does for you on this side that's in the category of good. It's either you sold it or he blessed you. He did not pay you. You get paid one time when you stand before the Lord. Kind [snorts] of went over this past weekend. It says the Lord is coming back bringing his what? Reward with him to pay everyone according to what they did. Okay. So what you want to do is you want to look at this seriously and say, you know what, this is hard and and and and God will bless me and your

car and your house and all of these things. He will bless you. He will heal you. Yeah. All of those are blessings based on the co covenant, but your paycheck for eternity is based on how you served him during this period of time because we are God's workers. And so I want to encourage you to work well and not get docked. And let me say something. Let me say something. This very this is very very important because so at this at this point we do have people that we have a few employees of the church. They get paid by the church. We have to be extra

careful because because we're not sacrificing like other people. Watch this. You all serve here and that's after you work your 40hour a week job. or 50, okay? Got a good home, take care of your kids, sacrifice it on a Saturday, okay? Well, guess what? This is my job. So, when do I sacrifice? See, so I have to go extra and do certain things because your job, you come here and volunteer. Okay? Well, guess what? This is what I do. So, when do I volunteer? Or when do I do things outside of the scope? You understand

what I'm saying? And I practice that. I ask the Lord even for opportunities. There are times when there are times when someone may need some help and uh and instead of sending someone, I will drive myself. My wife and I have driven sometimes an hour and a half just to help somebody because I see that as this is my part to do what the Lord is asking me to do. You understand what I'm saying? But that gets more more into personal stuff. Let's go to the next one. work willingly at whatever you do as though you were working for the Lord

rather than for people. When you are serving here, you are not serving me. You are serving the Lord. >> And there's a difference between a servant versus serving. There are some pastors that they treat their people like slaves. No, they're serving. They're not servants. Well, you know what I mean by, you know, the negative type servant. Remember that the Lord will give you an inheritance as your reward. So that's why whatever you do, you want to do it because the Lord is watching how you do it. Okay? And it says the

Lord is going to give you an inheritance. That's your paycheck. And that the master you are serving is not pastor Oath. It is Christ. Go to the next one because I don't even know where I am. Oh, but if you do what is wrong, you will be paid back for the wrong you have done. Look at that last sentence. God has no favorites. People have favorites, but God does not have favorites. People, watch this. Your favorite preacher might be ignored by God. >> God has no favorites. You know how many how many of you have heard this term

that um preachers are held to a higher standard? It's nowhere in the Bible. There is one standard for everyone. The difference is in order for me to preach, I at least have to hit the standard. >> You understand what I'm saying? There's no different standard for preachers. That's nowhere in the Bible. There's no scriptures just for preachers and then you do the opposite and all that type of stuff. No. All of us are the same. I got to live holy like you live holy. I got to fight the devil. Same way you got to

fight the devil. I got to hold my tongue when people caught me off in traffic just like you do. >> Y'all remember that girl I told y'all about? I still see her walking down the street on a regular basis, going to Publix to get to tell somebody else off. Help me Jesus today. 1 Corinthians 15:58. Therefore, my beloved brethren, be steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord. For as much as you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord. What you call volunteer, God calls work. He said, I'm watching you work for me.

The difference is you're going to get paid when you stand before me, not weekly. What I do for you in other areas is just a blessing. It's just my grace. I want to take care of my kids, but that's a crazy thing to get a paycheck for eternity. He said, "Nothing you do, know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." Hebrews 6:10, for God is not unjust. He will not forget how hard you have worked for him and how you have shown your love to him by caring for other believers as you still do. Y'all, it's amazing. Even now, in order for all

of us to be in here, I hired a couple of security cars to watch the parking lot because I didn't think it was going to be this many people, you know. But even now, there are three people in children's church. Three or four people in children's church that they are in here. they're still serving so that you can be in here. Okay? And it's important for them to know this because, you know, you're you're behind the scenes. Nobody is really slapping you on the back and say, "Oh, that was wonderful." Boom. Boom. You're back there with the kids

tearing up my new area, you know, and and hitting each other upside the head and all of that type of stuff. But they need to know that God is watching you. God is not unjust. He will not forget how hard you have worked for him and how you have shown your love to him by caring for other believers as you still do. 1 Peter 4:7, the end of the world is coming soon. Therefore, be earnest and disciplined in your prayers. Most important of all, continue to show deep love for each other, for love covers a multitude of sins. Cheerfully share your

home with those who need a meal or a place to stay. God has given each of you a gift from his great variety of spiritual gifts. Use them well to what? Serve one another. You're starting to see a pattern that one of the reasons why you are here is to serve other people in some type of capacity. And you can serve your spouse, you can serve your children, you can serve your parents, you can serve um in the community at a hospital. You have volunteers at a hospital. And so, watch this. Christians that volunteer at a

hospital don't know that they're actually working. They're gonna get paid for eternity. They don't know that. Next graphic. The destiny of the last days has been committed to our hands. And we must do whatever is necessary to operate as one body in order to turn many towards righteousness. What you do with your hands today will determine what comes from his hands tomorrow. God does not reward church membership. He rewards stewardship. My uh spiritual dad, he says it this way, too. He said, "God doesn't pay titles, he pays workers."

That's for all the preachers. I was uh y'all remember, didn't we have a big snowstorm? That was like a couple years ago. Yeah. And so, and so, uh, something happened and I forgot that there was a bunch of snow up here. [snorts] And so, I was like, "Wait a minute. It's snow at the church. The people got to get in the parking lot." So, I called some few guys, called some guys. Hey, y'all, meet me up at the church. We were shoveling snow like crazy in this great big old parking lot. And a pastor pulled up cuz he needed to give me something. He was

one of the pastors at the time that was renting from us at that time. And uh he he opened up the wind car window and uh he said, "You out here shoveling snow." I just looked at him. I said, "Yeah." And I knew where he was going. That's beneath a reverend to several snow. And I I told him, I said, "God doesn't pay titles, he pays workers." He was like, "Whatever. 1 Corinthians 4:2, "Moreover, it is required in stewards that a man be found what?" >> A man be found what? >> Not in attendance. Faithful. Hey, so I'm going to go over these right

quick. Oh, commitment, dedication, faithfulness, and sacrifice. And it's okay for you if you want to pull out your phone and take pictures of this because in order for us to fit this category of faithfulness, we have to talk about commitment, dedication, faithfulness, sacrifice. These are just graphics. We'll look at commitment first. And this is from the secular dictionary. The state or quality of being dedicated to a cause or an activity, an engagement or obligation that restricts freedom of action. Watch this. If you serve here,

particularly on the weekends, that restricts you going for a jog on Saturday morning. Y'all see that? That's what commitment does. It it restricts your ultimate freedom of other things that you want to do because you're committed to a thing. Next graphic says commitment is the price tag for every accomplishment. You can't be committed to God and not have him committed to you. Your present commitment secures your future glorification and distinction because the more you are committed remember y'all got to remember this is a

building but God calls it the house of God because he called it to be and with God he will tell you that this house is more important than any other house in planet earth. His thing is this is an embassy. You all are ambassadors. So why is now let me say this too not all ambassadors are in the building. There are some ambassadors that are in the business world and they funnel money into different missionaries and church organizations and stuff like that. You know, there are some ambassadors that are in the military field. Okay? Not

every ambassador is always in the house. We have people that because of their function in life, they just cannot be here on the weekends, you know, but they get in on the the the sermons, they give online, they're on the early morning prayer call. So, I don't want you to be I don't put it this way. If you can be here, you're supposed to be here. Let's just put it that way. So, but your present commitment secures your future glorification and distinction, especially for eternity. Go to the next one. This is dedication.

Dedication is unwavering commitment and devoted persistence to a task, purpose, or a person often involving significant personal sacrifice and effort even when it's difficult. going beyond mere hard work to show loyalty and self-sacrificing focus for something deemed important. How many know the things of God are more important than anything? Guess what that means? Sometimes you got to you burning up your gas, got to get up early, get the kids up, you know, I so I put up a post and you know cuz people have more

excuses than a man in jail sometimes. And and y'all, you have to make a decision because so I put up a post and they still out there cussing me out. The post got over a million. Two days later, the post post had 1.7 million views. All I said in the beginning of the post was, "Ladies, it's very simple. If you want to please your husband, act like he's your manager." She said, "You did." And I said, "If your manager askked you to be on time, then you do it. Your husband asked you to be on time and you got an attitude when you took away his

peace and you're late." Man, it was the ladies that spoke up. They did not appreciate that at all. And so, watch this. So one, so one lady, she was being very facitious and she said, "Yeah, you know, she said something about the fact that I was out of order because, you know, I have to get my three kids ready while the husband is just standing there." That's not an excuse to be late. See, this is the mentality that people have. You know why it's not an excuse? Because if your husband is not around and you have a doctor's appointment, you

get there on time. If you're a single mom, you have to get your child or children up on time and drop them off at daycare to be at work on time for the manager. >> Everybody always got excuses all of the time about why they can't do such and such. Now, how many know all of us have weak areas? Some of us are less timely than others. But y'all, you you you never mind before I get in trouble again. Out there just arguing. They're arguing, going off on each other. And the men the men on there like see all of the ladies got something to say instead

of just making an adjustment and they're arguing and don't even know that they are helping me in the algorithm two days at 1.7 million. I don't even know what it hit today. Anyway, what I'm saying is Oh, y'all ready for this? There's never an excuse to be late. It would This is going to sound crazy. It would be better for you to be late for your job than it would be for the house of God. I'm serious you all because the B did the the Bible says that this house is more important than anything in planet earth. Guess what my favorite is in

Atlanta? It was traffic. No, it wasn't. You didn't leave early enough. >> It's never traffic. Let me give y'all a little bit of a hint and a little bit of a help. If the GPS says it takes an hour to get to your destination, it means that you should leave an hour and a half early. But what what you did is say, "Oh, it takes 45 minutes to get there." So, you leave thinking it's going to take 45 minutes. No, in Atlanta, nothing takes 45 minutes. You know, it was a car accident. That's why I'm like, "No, it wasn't a car

accident." How many times we've been late? We've been to other churches and pastors invited us to their services and we were there before them. We've been to birthday parties. We were there on time and the birthday party, we got to set up the decorations because the Let me tell you something. Now, understand, don't feel bad if you're a person that is late like that. Just learn to be on time. Okay? But but um but you know when we so we had six kids and we're never late. Never late to church. Well, she had help. That's not an

excuse. That's not an excuse. I know ladies that they have help with one child and they're still late, y'all. We planned it. You know why we planned it? Because she said no child. Because at our mind this was the most important thing according to scripture. He said the mountain of the house of the Lord is chief. It is more important than any other place in planet earth. So guess what we did y'all? We planned the day before. So she usually did the clothes and the hair and I did the food. You said the clothes. Okay. Oh, you did the hair in

the morning. So she would lay out the clothes the night before. She would do their hair that morning and and got to do four heads of hair and more long hair. And and so what I did was the previous night because I didn't play, I set out six cereal bowls and didn't wait till the next morning. I put the oatmeal in the bowls the night before. So if there were any mosquitoes in the house, ah, it's protein. And I would I would lay each banana out. Now, I didn't peel the banana, of course. I couldn't do that the next day.

And so, and when the kids came downstairs, it was, you know, some type of assortment like that. So, here are the ladies. They got six different type of cereals. Which type of cereal would you like, sweetie? Oh, no. Not me. No. Bam. This is what it is. Cheerios. [laughter] I don't like Cheerios. Well, it looks like you're fasting today, son. I don't have time for all these variations. We are on our way to the house of the Lord. So, you have to make those adjustments. And every once in a while, how many of you know, Satan throws a mon a monkey

wrench in the engine. You know, you you you know, particularly when you have kids, someone is going to throw up. You're going to have those incidents. But if it's repeated, you all, that's bad behavior. Okay? It's bad behavior. One of these days, I'm going to teach on teach a message on what happens when you're always late. >> Yeah, that is an actual I mean, know God is always on time. So he expects his children to always be on time. So just remember that. Just leave early. It is better for you to get to a place early

and have to wait for 20 minutes versus you calling the doctor's office. Hey, we'll be there. You know what? My favorite one is people who say, "I'll be there in just a minute." That means 35 minutes from now. Let's just keep going so we can get up out of here and watch the Ten Commandments. Did I even read this? Yes. Look at the second sentence, second paragraph, short one. Dedication to God involves self-denial, being dead to self and alive to God, and making one's life a seed unto God. You can't be dedicated today and not be

decorated tomorrow. Next graphic says, "Your dedication today guarantees your distinction tomorrow. Put your heart in what you're doing today or you'll get nothing out of it tomorrow. Any anyone who takes God lightly lives lightly. Serving God is work, not fun. It's work, not fun. There have been people sometimes, you know, and I don't hold anything against anybody, but they they they they they join a particular department and they jump back out because they're like, "Oh, this this is work." Yeah. What you thought it was

supposed to be fun. This is real work. And sometimes it's tiring. Sometimes it gets on our nerve. There have been there have been several times, you know, over the years. And I would I would did I not say out of my mouth, you know what? If I was a congregation member, I would be worshiping God at home today because I didn't feel like going in and I got to preach. See, that's what the sacrifice and the commitment. You ever you ever not wanted to? I know I'm saying it wrong. You ever you didn't want to do something and when you did

it, you feel good after you did it? So, you have to fight that. Same thing with going to the gym. The hardest part about the gym is getting there. >> [snorts] >> This next graphic is faithfulness. Being loyal, reliable, and true to your promises, duties, or beliefs, even when it's difficult. It's about consistency between your words and actions. Showing unwavering support for people, principles, or a higher power. Being someone others can depend on. It involves steadfastness. steadfastness, integrity, and fulfilling commitments

whether in a marriage, friendship, job or spiritual life. That can be very frustrating because there are some people they like to be a part of something in title and not faithfulness. You know, they like to say, "Yeah, I do this at such such such church." But they'll drop the ball and just exit on you in a second. And let me tell you something that uh certain certain times uh when you're in certain departments and you do that it brings great anxiety to the leader because they plan things a particular way. Now we will be getting

create more duplicates but but when you just do that willy as they say it really produces anxiety and you have to ask yourself why is it that I just can't be faithful because I'm doing this for the Lord and he's taken a record of that. Go to the next one. Faithfulness means doing what you are expected to do correctly without supervision. See, all of this that I'm sharing with you all is the Lord pruning you this evening so that you can get more fruit. Which means if you produce more fruit, there's a greater reward.

Number two, faithfulness is not doing something right once, but doing something right over and over and over again. This scripture, I've had to experience this. Putting confidence in an unreliable person in times of trouble is like chewing with a broken tooth or walking on a lame foot. I know that quite well. Number four, most men will proclaim everyone his own goodness, but a faithful man who can find, which means they're limited. Okay. I want to I mean I want to go to heaven and said the angel say now this was a faithful man. [snorts] I always

joke when I come into heaven I want I want the angel say here he comes. This the guy we were talking about right here. This dude right here brought it. That's what I need. I don't need to walk into heaven and they start pulling out Kleenex. Here you go. Come on through. You just barely made it by your fingernail. We didn't get a chance. Watch this. You see, let me tell you something. Your engagement requires heavenly engagement. Your when you pray, okay, it there are anything you do for the Lord, something is released. When you spend time in the

word, power is released. You spend enough time in the word in a particular section, you can almost feel a soft light there. Spend time in prayer, heaven has to move. When you serve, heaven has to move. Let me tell you something. And and and and I guess I'll give more testimonies in the future. Our nature of our services will change. You'd be surprised how many first-time visitors were affected by somebody in the parking lot. The guys who serve in the parking lot, there are people that have joined this church because of how

they were treated in the parking lot. You'd be surprised how people fall in love with the way that the uh Thank you. the greeters, the ushers, the who? Connection team. >> Yeah, the connect team. That makes a huge difference because we had a we had a lady we had a lady. She was a first-time visitor. She said, "I went to a church and for 5 months, not one person spoke to me." I said, "Wait, that can't happen here. You get on people speak to you get on your nerves." Okay? [clears throat] And so, I mean, from the

children's I mean, from the children's church to the security team to the I mean, the the I mean, just everything and and and that faithfulness is very key. It's very al it's also important for you too to recognize you're not just an usher. When you become a Christian, you are not just anything. >> You are everything. >> You just happen to be a son of God that's an usher right now. >> A son of God that's cleaning the toilets right now. You know why? Because Jesus said, "I'm the one that acts like a servant." That's what servants would do.

Okay? And so I remember one time I uh I was ushering. That's that's where I started when I first started in the ministry of helps. I was an usher. Now you know what's very interesting side note since I'm almost done is wherever you start the Lord will also be developing you without you knowing it because wherever you start it will either increase or you'll get promoted. So, my wife will tell you that when we were dating that, I know this is going to seem just like a flatout lie to y'all, but I grew up very, very shy.

So, I could I was so shy that if I had to talk in front of two people, I'm out. Just go ahead and call the paramedics now. I'm dead serious. And so, I was so shy that when my wa, you know, I think the Holy Spirit tricked my wife to marry me because I could not look at my wife. You're like, "This man is just sitting up here lying." No, I'm telling you, I could my imagine, ladies, you're on a date with a guy and you have to say, "Hey, could you look at me for a second?" Because I'm just looking over to the side. I was just And then I look

at her for a second, then I look away. I just I was a very, very shy man. Okay, [snorts] I keep getting this finger. Very, very shy man. So, why in the world ask me to preach in front of y'all? This is a fiasco. So, and so it's very important because God is training you without you knowing it. So, you know, um my first position when he when I joined this church is the Lord impress upon our heart my heart to join the ushers department. What we call the keepers of the house. Can y'all see me in the back way back there? Let me

step up. Keepers of the house. So, guess what God was getting getting me? And then for some mysterious reason, they always put me down front. It was God tricking me. Guess what he was doing? He was getting me used to standing in front of people and looking at them. Okay. Then I got a job at it's now called Verizon. Used to be called Air Touch Seller. Used to be called Cellular One. How many know we going way back to Sanford and Sun days, aren't we? Just this is crazy. Okay. So, guess what I had to do with the cell phone company? I

had to I had to discuss with a person why their phone wasn't working correctly and show them how to get a new phone. So now the Lord has me interacting with people. Okay. And I just got used to looking at them. Okay. And then he promoted me to being a campus minister. You know, you remember the first time I was looking at everybody but I almost fainted. But I made it. Lips were just as dry as the Arizona desert. I just woo. But I made it. Okay, you see the you see the progression of that. Okay, but he first started me. So

see so so so always remember this. Wherever you are right now is training God for where he's going. Training ground for where he's going to take you next. Okay. And then you have people that are what you call worker bees. They're going to be in this particular position and they're going to be faithful all the way until Jesus comes back. So the wonderful thing about this you all is that you have to really disconnect from the culture outside of these four walls that tells you that you are less or more important based on what

you do when actually God respects what everyone does as long as it's right and clean and holy. You know it used to be a time you all where the most honorable person in life was a stay-at-home mom. Now they're just as despised. It mean it's nothing to raise a soul now. Oh, okay. It's just crazy out here. But anyway, I don't know where I was when I shared that. Oh yeah. But most men will proclaim everyone his own goodness, but a faithful man who can find because they are rare. Next graphic. Luke or actually Luke 16:10. If you are faithful in

little things like the Lord's house and working for him, you will be faithful in large ones. But if you are dishonest in little things, you won't be honest with greater responsibilities. If you're untrustworthy about worldly wealth, who will trust you with the true riches of heaven, which lets you know it's a riches system up there? And if you are not faithful, watch this, with other people's things, why should you be trusted with things of your own? So, this lets you know that so yes, this is not my ministry, but God has entrusted

me with the ministry. And so, God is like, look, I have entrusted this man with the ministry. If you can't be faithful what I told him, why in the world am I going to send people to be faithful for you for what I may have for you? There are a lot of people that have missed out on things because of unfaithfulness, not a lack of prayer. God watches. Do you get to a level you all where you don't have to ask God for things? He does it and it overwhelms you. Y'all follow me? Luke 12:48. When someone has been given much, this is all

of us here at this church, every person that's involved. When someone has been given much, much will be required in return. When someone has been entrusted with much, even more will be required. Now that is very important you all because this is a rare ministry on this side of the world. How many now yo this this is not a showboat. I'm trying to make a point here. How many know you're going to be hardressed to find the level of word that comes out of this place? Even if I'm not here. You know what? I can't never go out of town

and let Devon and Marlin preach cuz y'all texted me on vacation talking about how good the sermon is. This is fire. This is fire. [laughter] Just like one lady, was it a guy or a lady? Doesn't matter. I think it was a lady. One lady just told me it was it was it was someone that was new here and No. Yes. And their first time here they were listening to Devon. Then they listened to Marlin and this is what they said. They said it is obvious. They said that Jesus is at that church. They said because all three of y'all bring it.

>> That's very important. Okay. So the level of word and it's not just the word that we preach. It's the way in which it's preached. You know what I'm saying? And this is very is is something that's very very unique here. And the Lord has called me to follow in the steps of the guy overseas, Bo Udipo. And so because the Lord told him, he said, "I'm gonna send you another way than others." I don't know why he did that. I don't know why he did it with me. Okay. Oh, but that last part when someone has been entrusted with much, even more will be

required. And so, you know, we're doing the right thing and the Lord is getting ready. I honestly don't know what's going to happen next year. I'm just being honest with you. I mean, you know, it looks like this on Saturday morning. It looks It almost looks like this at the first service on Sunday morning. The second service, we have so many first- time visitors now at the second service. We can't even put them in this room. We have to take them to another sanctuary. And so, and so now that's an excellent thing. And the Holy Spirit told me to

stop calling it a growth problem. He said, "It's not growth. It's not a problem." You know, but I'm just saying that you all you all are going to be the foundation to hold all of that together. And guess what? Some of the parts that you'll be holding together will be unseen. No one will say hallelujah. No one will say great job. No one will give you pat on the back because they didn't see you. But God is watching and recording everything. You know, one of the one of the saints in heaven, when Rick Jordan was caught

up to heaven, they said, "If you can rejoice about what heaven is recording about your life, you're going to be a-ok." Okay. And see, when I was an usher, I was an usher at a church, and this church had 4,000 seats, 5,000 seats, 5,000. And so, so there were times when we had special speakers. It was a convention. And naturally, because it was a convention, all of the ushers always wanted to be on the inside. I didn't want to be down front where all of the happening was. And I would on purpose take way you talking about a huge building. Um I

would I would take the position way in the back of the building um just watching the door because I knew the Lord was watching me. Okay? I can't be in the service, but guess what? Everyone can't be in the service. I'm going to stand here by this door and just man it so that others can enjoy the Lord. Okay? You understand what I'm saying? And there are thing certain things that will come to you endure. Always remember this. What good thing you do for another, the same shall you receive from the Lord. Y'all got that? All right,

let's go. Where am I at here? Luke 12. I already did. Matthew 25. Commending his servant, the master replied, you have done well and proven yourself to be my loyal and trustworthy servant. Oo, loyal and trustworthy. Some people are loyal, but they're not trustworthy. Because you have been a faithful steward to manage a small sum. Now I will put you in charge of much much more. You will experience the lot of your master who will say to you enter into the joy of the Lord. This next graphic says a lifetime of service secures a lifetime

of blessings. Your eternal destiny is at the mercy of your discipline. That's very important. If you don't learn to discipline yourself, you can short circuit the reward that you get for eternity. Every act of service is recorded in heaven. Every act faithful man will abound in blessings. That's what Proverbs 28:20 says. Next graphic is sacrifice. Sacrifice means this is the last one to give something valuable or significant up as an offering as a tribute to a higher power or for a greater goal. Sacrifices can take many different forms

and many things can be sacrificed including time, resources, comfort, desires or even a life. Sacrifice is not defined by its value but by its cost to you. It is the cost that determines what is a sacrifice, not the volume. I'll give you a scriptural example. Do you all not remember? It says Jesus was standing in front of the treasury watching how much money everyone put in. And it says those were those that were rich put in large volumes of money. Then was an older woman. She came and she put in what we could call two pennies. And Jesus said

in front of everybody, he said they gave they think they gave much, but they got more left over. He said, "But this young lady, she gave more than them because she gave all she had." So it's never the volume. It's what the personal sacrifice is to you. Okay? And so that's very, very important. So guess what, you know, I mean that it just is what it is. There are some people you all that are not willing to drive 30 minutes to come to church. Then we have other people who come from other states to come to church. Do you

have to burn up gas? Do You have to burn up time. Mhm. Maybe. Are you sleepy after you come? And then people have the nerve to come here from other states and serve. Okay. I had a couple, they've been following us, the Santorals, they've been following us for years. And and we actually paid for them to come here to get baptized in her healing. And the one weekend that they were here, they just wanted to serve. So we got them some hoodies and sweatshirts. And they were back there serving together. They had the time of their life. You know, we try

to we try to be a blessing to people as much as we can. What was I getting ready to say in that regards? Oh, yeah. So, you know, I remember this one lady when we had the Riverdale Sunday location. Probably remember who I'm talking about. And she would come every once in a while. When I say every once in a while, I'm talking about like once a year, she told me one time, it's it's amazing how people like that, they can't even see the punchline coming. She said uh she said, "Pastor, I would be here more, but you know, 25 minutes is a long time,

you know, for me to try to church." I said, "Oh, okay. You know me." I said, "Let me ask you a question." I said, "If every Sunday you came to church, I had $300 for you, could you be here and be on time?" She was like, "Yeah." I said, "That's why you're broke." Haven't seen her since, by the way. Y'all ready for this one? Satan will always be trying to trick you out of your eternity. >> There's a lady, I'm assuming she still lives five minutes across the street, maybe two minutes. She show up every once in a while. You

want you want to hear something about late. Her and her husband at the time were coming to the church. This is when we first got started. See, I'm telling you, when when we first got started, she was coming to the church. One day, she walked down front. Guess what she asked? She said, "Do you all do praise and wor?" She said, "Why don't you all do praise and worship?" I just looked at her. I said, "We do. You're just never on time." It was a look on her face. She was coming systematically late. And she got here by the time I preached,

never forgetting that there was a service going on before you got here. And that same individual, I ran into her maybe about a year and a half ago, right across the street. Ran into her and and and she was like, you know, you know, I got to get back. I said, we right across the street. We are right across the street. She said, I got to get back now. Watch this. Watch this. You know, um, she said, yeah, she said something about on her job, she has to sit in front of a computer for eight hours a day. Okay. Key word is sit in front of a computer

eight hours a day. You want to know what she told me? She says, "Yeah, you know, I just got to pray about it, you know, because I just have a hard time sitting for longer than 10 minutes." She's talking about coming to church. She said, "Come to church." Cuz she has a hard time sitting for longer than 10 minutes, but you're sitting on the job for hours at a time. See, that's how how that's how when you get off, Satan will kind of blind. Second Corinthians 4:4 says, "Satan blinds the minds of those that don't believe. He has the ability

to blind you from what you're doing wrong and you can't even see it." See, natural blindness, you know you're blind because you can't see. Spiritual blindness, you are, you never know you are blind until the Lord opens your eyes. Okay? That's why you should always be asking the Holy Spirit to open up your eyes so that you can see. >> [sighs] >> Sacrifice is going beyond your best to deliver a given task. Next graphic says, "Sacrifice is not trying to help God as God does not need human assistance. God is too blessed to beg and sacrifice

is not an appeal for help but a prescription for your personal blessing and eternal reward." In other words, sacrifice is for you, not for God. because if you don't do it, he'll find somebody else. He found another king. And then after he found another king, he told Saul, "We have found somebody that is better than you. I don't ever plan the Lord telling me. Talk about depression." Romans 12:1, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God, which is

your reasonable service." In other words, when you live right, you have not impressed God. That's just reasonable service is to live right. Okay? But you know, sacrifices in the Old Testament, they would kill the animal and offer it on the altar as a sacrifice. God said, "I need you to offer me your life, but keep on living." That's what it means that present your bodies a living sacrifice, not a dead one. You need to be dedicated to me fully the same way they did animals. But how you do that is by is by uh living right, which is your

reasonable service. Revelation 17:14, "These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb will overcome them, for he is the Lord of all lords and King of all kings, and they that are with him are called, chosen, and what? >> Faithful." 1 Peter 4:10, God has given each of you a gift from his great variety of spiritual gifts. Use them well to serve one another. Do you have the gift of speaking? Then speak as though God himself were speaking through you. Do you have the gift of helping others? Do it with all the strength and energy that God

supplies? Then everything you do will bring glory to God through Jesus Christ. All glory and power to him forever and ever. I think y'all starting to get the point. Okay, you got the point. And that is y'all, I think one of the most important things that I said is that all of you under the sound of my voice or looking at me, if you serve or you plan to, that is not a volunteer position. You have become a worker in the kingdom of God and they will pay you when you stand before the Lord. If you want something low, then don't do anything.

If you want something high, let me tell you something. Sacrifice. See, I have there are people here that sacrifice sometimes and that makes me feel bad. I mean, just like yesterday, just yesterday, Marilyn and Vern, it was a lady that came to the service this past weekend. She needed deliverance. So, they text me and they came up here at 700 p.m. last night. 7:00 p.m. last night and did not leave until 11:30 p.m. That's after working a full day. They came up, they had to drive all the way from afar, meet this lady up here in

order to wrestle this demon out of her. And Devon came up here and he just waited so that you know it's dark, it's late, nothing was going on. Tomorrow was what is today? Thank you. Tuesday. [snorts] And so he just came up here and he just sat. Today is Wednesday. Okay, thank you. This is yesterday. Tuesday. He just came up here and he sat. See, somebody would say that's a waste of time. No, he was getting paid big time. Okay, y'all remember when Moses, this is a good note. Y'all remember when Moses climbed the mountain

to talk with God for 40 days and 40 nights and it was glorious and there was a cloud. He was up there talking to God for 40 days, getting the Ten Commandments that I'm going to watch tonight when I get home. But guess who was at the bottom of the mountain not having an experience? Joshua. Joshua was just sitting in the dark and sitting in the day doing nothing for 40 days. Maybe wondering if he was even important to God because the headman was up there getting great having a great experience with God. He was just as he

was at the base of the mountain because he was told to just wait there. just told to wait there. It's also not a coinc coincidence that Joshua did things that Moses could not do. >> It is your dedication. It is your sacrifice. Nothing is small and menial and insignificant to God. Everything is big. There is no such thing as small. Anything that you do for the Lord is not for it. >> I mean, think about it. Even the I'm I want this this thing is so significant that the Bible says that if you give someone a cup of water, you have not

lost your reward. Who would think that if you just got somebody a cup of water because they were coughing that God was making a mark of that and say, "Oh, we got to reward them for a cup of water." [snorts] See, and this what this does is it makes you walk around with your head up. Whether you are a billionaire or whether you work at McDonald's, you know that you are somebody because this world does not define who we are. It is the kingdom of God and Jesus who created us that defines who we are. You understand what I'm right now? All of

our natural functions are just things that we use to survive in this planet as we are working for God. When you pray, you're working for God. When you give, you're working for God. When you sacrifice, when you serve, when you help, watch this. Do you know you get a reward if you open up the door for somebody and let them go in a building? First teach on that more later, too. All right. So, I just have two warnings. It's just one. [clears throat] In this next graphic, it says, "Your motives count more with God

than your moves." So, you might move over into serving, but the question is, why did you do it? Did you do it because you think there's promotion or there's money? or did you do it because people like titles and they like to say, "Man, we've had people call us." Hey, yeah, we just wanted to find out, you know, this person said that they're a minister at church. I said, "We don't know them." Sometimes people are make themselves a minister at your church. You asked them to give one testimony and now they're an

apostle. You know what I'm saying? It's just crazy. Your motives count more with God than your moves. Amaziah. Yeah. Amaziah. That is how you pronounce that, right? I sound funny for some reason. [snorts] Amaziah did what was pleasing in the Lord's sight, but not wholeheartedly. So, you can do what is right, but still have the wrong motive while you're doing it. Jeremiah 17:9, the human heart is the most deceitful of all things and desperately wicked. Who really knows how bad it is? But I, the Lord, search all

hearts and examine secret motives. I give all people their due rewards according to what their actions deserve. God is watching you. Your only motive has to be Lord. Well, since I'm a work, guess what? There is, this is going to sound crazy. There is nothing wrong with you wanting to serve more so that you can get greater rewards because the Bible tells you to do that. The Bible says be diligent so that you can get your full reward. It is God that wants you to try to get as much as you can on the other side. There's nothing wrong

with that. Just make sure that you're doing it for the Lord and you're not doing it for status. I really don't like I'm not into titles. Titles cause people to be entitled. That's why most preachers don't like me. I just I'm the dude to show up in the flipflops. Never mind. Luke 10:38. We're just about done. As Jesus and the disciples continued on their way to Jerusalem, they came to a certain village where a woman named Wait a minute y'all. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, yeah. Okay. So, the fir let me say

this. The first one was a warning about having the right motive. Now, here's the flip side. There are people who never serve. Then there are people that's all they do is serve and they never get the word. As Jesus and the disciples continued on their way to Jerusalem, they came to a certain village where a woman named Martha welcomed him into her home. [snorts] Her sister Mary sat at the Lord's feet listening to what he taught. But Martha was distracted by the big dinner she was preparing. She came to Jesus and said,"Lord, doesn't it seem

unfair to you that my sister just sits here while I do all the work? tell her to come and help me. But the Lord said to her, "My dear Martha, you are always worried and upset over all these details. There is only one thing worth being concerned about, and Mary has discovered it, and it will not be taken away from her." In other words, no matter how much we serve, the most important thing will always be sitting and getting the word. And for you all that serve, you have to protect that because because you what

you don't want to get over into is you serve so much that you're never in the sanctuary. You serve so much that even if you're serving, you never go back and even listen to what is being shared because you can be off frequency and miss something. Okay? And so um and so that's very very important for you to get the word when and how many how many of you know when you do more it's easy for you to do less when it comes to what's necessary. You know, there's a there's a man in the scripture named I think it was Epaphroditis.

And Paul said, "Look, hey, Epaphroditis is coming to visit you." And when when he does hold him in high regard because you had heard he had been sick and he was sick. He said, "But he got sick supplying your lack of service towards me." In other words, he had to work. He was work. So many people wouldn't step up. He was doing all of this extra work, extra work, and he ended up getting sick. And then it says, "But the Lord had mercy on him, which means he was out of order." There's a balance to things sometimes. You all, you serve, but you

got to be in the word. You serve, you got to sit down and get the word. You got to You understand what I'm saying? So, those are two dangers. Motive and and and watch this. Do you know that over the years, we've had a couple of individuals that all they wanted to do was just serve, serve, serve, serve, serve, serve, serve. The moment we told them they had to sit down every once in a while, get to work, they left the church. Well, one individual that she served, serve, serve, serve. My wife had to ask the individual, "Do you even see Pastor

Oath as your pastor?" She said, "No, I just come here to to to God. Bye." Yeah. Well, you you you never know what people are doing and what dream they're trying to fulfill, you know. I mean, and and honestly, the girl didn't have any nefarious reasons. It's that, you know, there are some people that, you know, they might just like children, so they just want to come and serve and be around the children, you know. But how many of you know, don't join a house if you don't believe in the vision? It's just simple as that, you know. But

anyway, so this is what we're going to do. We're going to uh I'm going to have the ushers go ahead and pass out this um oil for me. Uh this is called the impartation. Only take about five or 10 minutes at the most and then we'll be done. And so uh I am uh I should have done this sooner, but that's okay. [snorts] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. >> [groaning] >> Oh yeah, that'll work. Okay, so we got how many vows? >> We got 160. Your illustrious pastor didn't think it was going to be more people than that. So, so we'll do one per family and we'll

spread it around. We'll figure it out. Just the people who serve here is a whole half a mega church right here. This is crazy. That's a blessing though. There are times though when uh what you say Oh, hold on. Let me see here. Let me here. Pass them out that way, too. If you're a married couple or family, just take one uh per couple. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, oh Lord. >> [laughter] >> I should have took them and started just throwing them in the audience cuz they they but if we do it. One per family and they

can share it and one per married couple, we should be good. But if if we still don't have enough, then you'll just have to borrow someone's oil because in a moment, we're going to take the oil. You're going to dip it on your hand. You're going to put it on your on your forehead. Anybody that is watching this online, let me say this. There are things that you can say in authority and it will stand. Okay? So, if you're a part of this service, you don't have oil, that's okay. [music] You just lay your hands on your forehead and then

over the next couple of days you go ahead and go to the store and get olive oil and it'll be retroactive. Okay, that's very important. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many are you excited about next year? This school of eternity is going to be something else. put up Mark 10:44. I'll just go slower as the people are because I don't want them to miss anything. Hallelujah. Mark 10:44. Thank you Jesus. While they're passing out, look at this scripture. It says, "Whoever wants to be first among you must be a slave to everyone else."

That's including me. People think that I'm first because I'm a pastor. No, it has nothing to do with being a pastor. Has it has to do with how much of a slave am I to the people? How much of a servant am I? For even the son of man came not to be served, but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many. That's very powerful. Divine, is that scripture up there or no, it's not? All right, just go to the next one. Luke 22. It says, "Then they begin to argue among themselves about who would be the greatest among them." This is the

disciples. I don't even know why they would do something like this. Jesus told them, "In this world, the kings and great men lord it over their people. Yet they are called friends of the people. But among you, it will be different. Those who are the greatest among you should take the lowest rank, and the leader should be like a servant." Who is more important? The one who sits at the table or the one who serves? the one who sits at the table of course but not in this kingdom for I'm among you as one who [music] serves in

this kingdom it is those who take a lower position they end up with a higher position now let me tell you something sometimes making taking a lower position doesn't mean you literally take a lower position sometimes it just means that in your position you carry yourself very low you know I mean we've been a part of you know we've been a part of churches, y'all, where if you pray a prayer and you don't mention the pastor's name, the prayer is invalid and you got to start the prayer over again. How many know that's crazy? I

thought we were praying to Jesus, father, in the name of Jesus. I know I don't have nothing for you except for a few words on the weekend, you know, but but I think you see there's a principle in scripture [music] where God said, "I will lift every valley." He said, "And I will lower every mountain so that there will be equality." So, it's more important, y'all. It's very important. God does not see you like me. He sees you like Jesus. What does Odipo said? He said, "If I lift you up," he said, "I can only take

you above my head." He said, "But if Jesus [music] lifts you up, he can take you all the way to heaven. Hallelujah. We're all set. All right, last two. Psalm 89. I have found my servant. Notice God keeps using servant. He didn't say I found my king. I found my servant, David. I have anointed him with my holy oil. As a result of that, when we get ready to pray, these are the things that you're going to declare over yourself. As a result of me anointing him with my holy oil, I will steady him with my hand. With my powerful arm, I will make him

strong. You need to declare that you're going to be strong next year. As a result of this, his enemies will not defeat him, nor will the wicked overpower him. I will beat down his adversaries before him and destroy those who hate them. My faithfulness and unfailing love will be with him. And by my authority, he will grow in power. So, how many of you plan on being servants of the most high, God's workers? You belong to the Lord. Hey, you remember this? Because of the dispensation that he lived in, David was a servant. You're a son. So if he

anointed a servant to walk in all of this, how much more is he going to anoint his children to walk in all of this? Exodus 27:20, command the people of Israel to bring pure oil of pressed olives for the light to keep the lamps burning continually. So we're going to anoint ourselves so that our lights can burn continually next year and not fade out. your commitment, your dedication can burn continually. Amen. And then the last one, not only can you anoint people, but you can also anoint places and things. So whether you can take this oil home or

not, you can just get your own olive oil because the Bible says that the God, let me say something, God always has something that he reserves for himself. When it comes to the nations, it's the Jews. When it comes to fruit, it's the olive. When it comes to money, it's the tithe. You keep seeing God always has something. When the children of Israel would travel, when they would get to a new spot, God would always say, "Give me this portion of land. Nobody can touch it. You can't walk on it. Your dog can't poop on it." This is my God always has

something that he reserves for himself. When it came to trees, he told them, "Don't touch one, but you can have every other one in the planet." That's a principle. So, when it comes to the olive oil, yes, it is okay for you to eat it on pizza and other stuff. I'm saying that when it comes to activating this type of power, you can only use the olive oil. You can't use tea tree oil, mortar oil, hoba oil, none of them other oils. [laughter] One lady came here and she had mixed tea tree oil, anointing oil with gold flakes

in it. I said, "Mhm, yep. Going right in the trash. As soon as I go home, I will throw your stuff in the trash. I'm telling you. Hey, but this is for the purpose of keeping the lamp burning continually. Okay. So, you can use this. He said, "Use this sacred oil to anoint the tabernacle, the ark of the covenant, the table and all its utensils, the lampstand and all of its accessories, the incense altar, the altar of burnt offering and all its utensils, and the wasp basin with its stand. Consecrate them to make them absolutely holy. After

this, whatever touches them will also become holy. So whether you take this home or you get your own anointing oil and then just pray the prayer over it to do this retroactive. Always remember this. Your items become what you are. So if I live clean, okay, I'm allowed to Let me tell you something. You need to anoint houses. You anoint cars. You know, all of those things. Your offices. When we go overseas, they ask people, the business people to pull out their business card. You know, it's amazing. When we go overseas, the last

thing that we're going to pray, you know, it's amazing overseas. It really is hard. I'm going to create a culture which we're moving in that direction, but it's very hard for us to go overseas and come back because of the dedication. Just the dedication. I mean I mean imagine a conference where there where the conference let me see early morning prayer is at 5:30 or 6. Early morning prayer is at 5:30. No, it was a six. Early morning prayer was at 6, ends at 7, 15 minute break. Then they preach and have praise and

worship all the way till about 10:30. Then you break, then they have special sessions, then you come back that night. This is for seven days straight and nobody gets paid. The bookstore is open for seven days and the people never go home. They spend the night at the bookstore sleeping on the floor. They pointed out at me. See that guy right there? Mhm. Yeah. He's a billionaire. What? The guy ushering? Mhm. See the guy clean the toilet? He's the governor. That's how they roll over there. They have been taught your title means

nothing. Y'all, we are children of a king. Bishop Oido, my spiritual dad, was visited by the president of Nigeria. and they know not to bother him when he's spending time with God. So they knocked on his door. He was praying and they said, "Sir, uh, President Nigeria has stopped by for a moment. He needs to talk to you." You know what his reply was? Wonderful. Let him know he has to wait. I'm talking to my father. See, you wouldn't do that. You dropped You dropped what you were doing. Think you about to get a free grant or something.

You know what I'm saying? See, see, it's is how you respond to God and how you see him. He told you today that this place is the most important place on planet earth. So you should treat it that way. And if you treat it that way and if you get involved, let me tell you something, y'all. I want to go on record as helping God, not my company. Your company does not care a thing about you. They are using you to make themselves rich. And they give you a little 15, 20, whatever dollars an hour. And you know, it's just unbelievable.

But anyway, that's what we're going to do. Y'all ready to do this? Let's go ahead and stand. Let's go ahead and stand. Let's go ahead and stand. Thank you, oh Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, we give you thanks and we give you praise. We give you glory. We give you honor. I'm going to pray a general prayer over you. I'm going to declare certain things over you. And after I do, you ought to open that up, put some on your finger, and just [music] put it on your forehead. And then just begin to

pray. Pray in the spirit. Pray in English. Just begin to thank God and declare what you plan on seeing next year. How your last failure is the last one that you will ever see. How God did not create you for ups and downs. He only created you for ups and ups. You don't have to know every scripture. Just declare what's going to happen to you. Even if you just simply say, "Lord, it's going to be a wonderful year for me." That's just as much as scripture. Okay? So, Father, matter of fact, go ahead and lift those things up to the sky first.

Father, in Jesus name, we thank you, oh Lord God, for the anointing oil on this morning that you use, oh Lord God, as a mysterious natural thing for heaven to ride into our lives. Thank you, oh Lord God, for what you have called us to do. We know Lord God that this will be hard work in the future. But we ask oh Lord God that you would help us in all that we do as the people anoint themselves with oil here and online as well as those who will do it in the future coming days. We thank you that as we anoint ourselves with

oil. I thank you that this is the oil of progress. It is the oil of multiplication. It is the oil of prosperity. It is the oil of protection. It is the oil of peace. It is the oil of relationship restoration. It is the oil of no weapon that is formed against us shall prosper. It is the oil of my cup runth over. It is the oil of surprise of blessings next year. It is the oil of everyone finding their place. It is the oil of restoration. It is the oil of hearing from God for the first time in my life. Thank you, oh Lord God, that as

we anoint ourselves with oil, it causes our lamp, oh Lord God, to keep on burning in 2026. We thank you, oh Lord God, that as we do this prophetic thing by faith, you will honor it. You will launch us into 2026, as we anoint ourselves with oil, we declare that every door that needs to close will close. Every door that needs to open will open. Every amount of favor that we need in order to go higher will be given to us easily in the name of Jesus. It does not matter how dark the road is. All that matters, oh Lord God,

is that the path of the just is like the shining light that shines in the darkness. It gets brighter and brighter into the perfect day. So I thank you, oh Lord God, this we believe we receive these things in Jesus mighty name. Go ahead and anoint yourself with oil and just begin to pray and lift up your voice as you do it. Begin to prophesy over your life. begin declare those things that you want to see in the name of Jesus. Oh yeah. Come on, lift up your voice. You are the ministry of helps. Lift up your voice. You are the dedicated ones,

the faithful ones. Come on, lift up your voice in the mighty name of Jesus and been declare that no weapon that is formed against you will prosper. I walked in the door this evening and a man grabbed me this evening and told me he had just gotten healed of prostate cancer after I gave him some instructions. We declare, oh Lord God, that next year is a year of healing in the name of Jesus. And it does not matter how many plagues come rolling in. We thank you, oh Lord, that we have diplomatic immunity because we are citizens of the

kingdom of God. Let prosperity and restoration roll into our homes, oh Lord God, like a mighty river. Let debt cancellation be our constant testimony, increase and promotion and multiplication in the name of Jesus Roakaya. Let spouses come forward for those that desire to get married. Let children come forward for those that desire to have children in the mighty name of Jesus. Thank you, oh Lord God, for pouring out wisdom and wisdom, wisdom and revelation. Oh Lord God, revelation and understanding in the name of Jesus.

Thank you oh Lord God. Oh, let this impartation, oh Lord God, light our lamps forever in the name of Jesus. Help us to be faithful, oh Lord God, next year. Help us to be committed. Help us to be dedicated. [music] Help us to sacrifice, oh Lord God, for your kingdom and your will and your way and your house. Thank you, oh Lord God, that the word of God will be alive on the inside of us next year. I thank you, oh Lord God, that the enemy will not be able to prevent us from [music] our prayer time next year. Next year will be

a year when everyone will get closer unto you and not farther away from you in the mighty name of Jesus. [music] Blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name, Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, oh Lord. Thank you, oh Lord. Thank you, oh Lord. Ah, now lift your hands and give God thanks. If you believe you receive what has come out of your mouth, if you believe you receive what you have declared and prophesied, if you believe that the Lord is truly on your side next year, thank you, oh Lord God, for your

goodness. We bless and honor your holy name and thank you, oh Lord God, for we are grateful today. We are grateful. We are grateful, oh Lord God. Blessed be your name. Thank you, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, oh Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, oh Lord God. I don't want to take a chance on this. So just before I end, I don't know who I don't want to assume everybody that came in serves and I don't want to assume definitely people listen online. Just want to bring up a couple of scriptures

for salvation. It says all of us must die eventually. Our lives are like water spilled out on the ground which cannot be gathered up again. But God does not sweep life away. Instead, he devises ways to bring us back when we have been separated from him. Isaiah 30 says, "So the Lord must wait for you to come to him so he can show you his love and compassion." Isaiah 44:22 says, "I have swept away your sins like a cloud. I've scattered your offense like the morning mist. Return to me for I have paid the price to set you free."

Romans 4:7 says, "What joy for those whose disobedience is forgiven, whose sins are put out of sight." Yes, what joy for those whose record the Lord has cleared [music] of sin. And in Romans 10:9, it says, "If you openly declare that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God has raised him from the dead, you will [snorts] be saved. For it is by believing in your heart, you're made right with God. And it is by openly declaring your faith that you are saved." So you got to accept what he did for you. Let me say this. If you are not

saved, you are nowhere even close to being safe from anything. If you want to accept the Lord today, you just accept him in your heart. You say it in a form of a prayer. And this is the prayer that you can pray. You can put that up on the screen for me, please. That's the prayer that you need to pray. And so I'm just going to take one more minute for everyone to just have some reflection time and just give God how many know you can never give God thanks enough. We're going to give God thanks one more time. And if that's you,

you need to get in on this prayer. Now, you got to accept it in your heart and believe it, accept it, mean it, say it out of your mouth. You can't say it in your mind. You have to say it out of your mouth. You say that prayer, that's the prayer of forgiveness, restoration, redemption. You become a member of the kingdom of God, a citizen of heaven, an ambassador, so much more. But if you pray that prayer wherever you are, in here, out there, driving, at a restaurant, pray that prayer and God will meet you wherever you are. So,

let's give them a moment to pray that prayer and let's go all lift our hands one more time because the psalmist said, "If I had 10,000 tongues, it would not be enough to thank the Lord for all that he has done, all he is doing, and all he will do." Thank you, Lord, for those who are praying this prayer on this evening. Those, oh Lord God, who are coming into your kingdom, they are becoming a worker tonight. [music] They're becoming God's field on tonight. Thank you, oh Lord God. They are becoming a citizen of the

kingdom on tonight in the mighty name of Jesus. Thank you oh Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you oh Lord. We bless and praise your holy name oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We bless and honor your holy name oh God. Thank you oh Lord. Blessed be your holy name. Father, we thank you for these things. In Jesus mighty name we have prayed. Hallelujah. How many glad you came out on this evening? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, oh Lord God. The Lord has

taken us someplace. Just a couple of announcements and that is anyone interested in serving um you can visit the website and click the get connected get involved graphic at the top. Um also starting next week there'll be a ministry of helps booth in the lobby. One of the things we realize that we need to do is we need to have a booth in the lobby so that people can come and discuss what it is they may be interested in. But if you go to the get connected, get get involved graphic on the website right there at the top, you

click it and it'll give you a lot of the things that you may be interested in. And then [music] just follow the directions, send us an email and someone will reach out to you. Also, Wednesday night Bible study picks back up starting January the 7th. [cheering] Hallelujah. So, we [music] understand that midweek it can be very difficult for uh people to uh get here. So, it's okay for you to stay home and watch it online. We have no problem with that. We'll be in here. Um, but that's me uh opening up this new series called The

School of Eternity. Uh, the stream will always kick on at about 6:45 or so. And then, uh, we need people who are interested in responding to people on our four social media platforms. [music] And so, uh, you can send an email to social media lionhearturch.org. Let us know which platform you are interested in. This is you actually [music] answering questions, sending people information cuz all all the people. So when you hear me talking about how we increase by 500 people an hour on Facebook alone, we're not talking about YouTube, Instagram, and

Tik Tok. So they watch the shorts. So these people, they don't even know what the website is. They don't know that we stream the services. [music] And I couldn't even keep up with Facebook. So we need teams of people. Sometimes the people have a question about marriage. So, we need you to send them the marriage information from the website. They might have a question about inner healing. It might be a book. So, if you'd like to be involved with that and and many time, well, no, you can't get in the counseling. You'll be out there all day.

And so, if you'd like to help us with that, just send an email to social media. And uh do I want to do this? No, I'mma wait. I'm going to wait. I'm going to wait. All righty. Well, I guess it's time to go and watch the Ten Commandments. I just want to say thank you. Thank you so much for your tireless efforts, for your sacrifice, for your many hours of dedication, your faithfulness, your commitment, not just for the things that we have seen, but especially for what we have not seen, your prayers, your love, praying for

others, counseling others, being there for others. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for all that you've given and all that you have done. We b we love you. God bless you. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. So, let me just say a happy new year prayer over you all. Right quick, just go ahead and lift your hands toward heaven father in Jesus name. We thank you, oh Lord God, for every person has been a partaker of what we have witnessed and experienced [music] on tonight. Thank you, oh Lord God, that truly next year will be a great year for

us all. Thank you, oh Lord God, we'll build up more rewards. [music] You have graced us to be a part of something special that you were doing in the last hour. Help us, oh Lord God, to continue to be worthy of it. We thank you, Lord God, for this wonderful night that we have had together. And we thank you for it in Jesus mighty name. Amen. Amen. Give someone a high five or a hug and tell them happy new year. >> I want to say thank you to my pastor. >> Say thank you to my pastor. Thank you for your