TITLE: Sin: What’s Keeping You Stuck (And How to Get Out)
VIDEO ID: U1j9hwu9iTk
URL: https://youtu.be/U1j9hwu9iTk
============================================================

Hey you all, there are a lot of people that are in what we call the alternative lifestyle, which is really not an alternative to God. That's just what we called it. And some want to stay in, others, they want to come out. And so, uh, this video is for those who want to come out. At Lionhe Heart Church, we are very, very good with helping people get free of all different type of stuff, okay? We are a full power running church. We cast out demons out of people every single week. Get people filled with the Holy Spirit, get people healed,

you name it. There's nothing that we're dealing with today that Jesus didn't deal with in his day and they didn't deal with in the Old Testament. Nothing is new. Okay? So, evil is the same and righteousness is the same. It's just a matter of are you going to deal with it. So, these are a few things that you can do if you want to come out of something. It's very, very important. Number one, you got to get knowledge and understanding. Okay. Hosea 4:6 says, "My people are destroyed for a lack of knowledge. And because you reject

knowledge, God said, "I'll reject you and I'll forget about your children." That's exactly what that scripture says. So, I've always said this for years, and that is that unfortunately at most churches, they either judge sin or they embrace it, but no one ever explains it. Okay? Always remember this. God is not shook regardless of what type of lifestyle that you are in. He is not moved off of the throne. He's not nervous. No, he's just saying, "Look, I can free you up from anything regardless to what you have done, but you are first

going to have to get knowledge and understanding about what is true about that situation." Okay? Very, very important. Now, as a hint and as a help, if you go to lionhearturch.org, we have a complete resource center that gives you a full education on everything. For two months, I taught on homosexuality, lesbianism, transgender, fornication, uh, masturbation, you know, beastiality. Taught on everything. I couldn't believe I taught on it for 2 months. I taught on that for 2 months. Well, that's one of the free things that

are on that website. All of the videos, books that you can buy, a documentary that was made about 12 people who went into that lifestyle and they came out. You getting knowledge and understanding. Plus, we have a video on there called From Lesbian to Ladies. It's three ladies at our church that give their testimony about how they fully went into the lesbian lifestyle fully and how Jesus brought them out after years. See, all of that will give you knowledge and understanding if you want to be free and become who you were already born to be

for real, okay? Which is either a man or a woman. Second thing that you need to do in order to get free from sexual perversion is you need to have a wholehearted and passionate desire to become free and to become what you were born to be. I have a friend of mine, I won't mention his name, and that is he was a homosexual. Hey, he's been with over 200 men. God wasn't shook, okay? But he did give his life to Christ. He still had the feelings for a man, but he was serious. But one day he said, "Lord, I reject the feelings that I have for

another man." He said, "From now on, I only accept the feelings of being a man the way you created me to be." The next morning, he had no sexual temptations. The next morning, he had no sexual feelings for another man. He was completely free. He's now married to a woman. They have three beautiful kids, and he's in full-time ministry. So, you got to be serious. People say all the time, "Well, I prayed and God didn't take it away." Yeah, it's cuz you weren't serious. You weren't serious. You were just playing around. Anytime

you are serious about God, God will get serious about you. So, you must have a passionate desire to be all that you can be. I have a scripture here in Jeremiah 29. It says, "When you pray and you are serious, I will listen. If you look for me wholeheartedly, you will find me. I will be found for you, and I will end your captivity. and I will restore the fortunes that you lost. Why? If you wholeheartedly are serious about changing and being what God called you to be and not what the world wants you to be so that they can feel comfortable

in their stupidity. Okay, so that's the next thing is that you have to have a wholehearted passion. I want to be exactly what God wants me to be and nothing else. The third thing that you got to do in order to get free from the sexual perversion in the lifestyle is you got to transform your mind. Okay. Romans 12:2 says, it says to transform yourself by renewing your mind with the word of God, which is the Bible. You're not getting ready to transform yourself with anything if all you do is read a psalm on your way out the door every

once in a while. Okay? In the Muslim faith, you got to memorize the Quran in a year. Christians been saved for 15 years and don't have no one scripture in the Bible. I tell people you should be getting through the Bible several times a year. If you read four chapters a day, it'll get you through the Bible in a year. If you read eight chapters a day, it'll get you through the Bible in 6 months. If you read 12 chapters a day, it will get you through the entire Bible in 3 months. You are supposed to go to heaven with all of this word on the

inside of you because it's going to affect your reward. The other thing that you need to do is is that you need to Google. This is where Google is your friend. Google all of the scriptures in the Bible on holiness, living right, being free, being uh being free from sexual perversion. Get all of those and put them on a piece of paper and start reading them every single day. And that will help you be free from that. But you got to renew your mind. The Bible says if you renew your mind, if you stay in the word, John 8:31, it says if you

continue staying in the word, you'll come to the place where you will know the truth. And the truth will make you, it'll force you to be free. But you got to stay in the word. The word is the power. The most people become what they end up hearing anyway. But the word is the power that will change you. It will transform you. That's why the Bible says if you renew your mind, you become transformed. You trying to transform yourself. You know, you can't go to you can't get in shape and then go to the gym. That's stupid. What do you do? You

sign on the dotted line and then you start working out on the machines. Working out on the machines. And the side effect of you working out on the machines is that you build muscle and that you lose lose weight. It was the working out that did it, not you. You were just working out on the machines. It's the same way. You got to work out with the things of God. And the side effect is that it will transform you into what God called you to be. Okay? That's very, very important. I wish above all things that you would prosper

and be in health. Hey, so this next one, it says to build yourself up by praying in other tongues. That's very, very important. You know why? Because Jesus said after you accept me, he said you shall receive power. So if you reject the Holy Spirit's power, why do you think you're going to change anything, including yourself? You have to receive power. And one of the ways and the main ways that they do that is through the mechanism of praying in other tongues. The Bible says that when you pray in tongues, you build

yourself up and make yourself stronger on the inside. You give yourself the ability to refrain from doing certain things that are not right. The Bible says when you pray in tonesues, you speed up your spiritual progress. The Bible says when you pray in tonesues, you're praying the perfect will of God. When you are praying tongues, you are manipulating the future so that as you move into it, it's smooth instead of torbulent. The Bible says when you're praying in other tongues, it says you are speaking mysteries. So guess what?

Got another formula for you. Can help you out if you would like to receive the gift of other tongues so that you can walk in power and be free. All you have to do is send an email to holy spirit lionhearturch.org. We pray with people every single Saturday and Sunday evening on Zoom. We do calls for people with groups who want to receive the gift of other tongues. We show them a few scriptures, pray with them, and then God gives them the gift and they start praying with other tongues. We have been doing that for weekends, for years,

getting 100% results with people who were told that it wasn't for them. Okay? So, that's another way in which you are getting free from sexual perversion. And then the last one I'd probably like to add here is persistence. Okay. Jesus tells a couple of stories in the Bible. In Luke chapter 18 and in Matthew chapter 5. In Luke chapter 18, he talks about the persistence of a woman who was done wrong. And the judge did not want to give her what she wanted. He said, "But because she persisted and got on a judge's nerves, he finally gave her what

she wanted." The other story is about a man who visits someone in the middle of the night asking for food cuz he had some relatives who came in and and the guy says, "I'm not getting up. I'm still in bed." And Jesus said, "But because the other guy kept persisting, the guy eventually got up and gave him what he needed." Then he says in Luke 18, he says, "Now if they did that, how much more will your heavenly father give you what you need if you persist in faith?" So that is one of the other things that you need to do is no matter what comes,

hell or high water, you need to persist. Would you like to know why? is because once Satan claims ownership over you in the area of sin, he wants to keep you in that sin for the rest of your life because whatever he gets you to do on this side is a preview of what you going to experience in hell if you miss heaven. So, you're going to have to persist. There's a statement that you need to remember and that is when you are done with Satan, he is never done with you. You have to persist. You have to be violent. You have to be

consistent. You got to cry out for God to help you, to give you courage, to give you strength to be free of this monster. And if you practice those things, then God will give you great, great freedom. The one benefit that you have is is that we are very grateful at Lionhe Hearturch that the Lord has taught us on how to free people from these things to teach power, to teach holiness, to teach authority. So again, at lionhearturch.org, it is a free resource center. We don't have a website that says look at us, look at us. It is a

resource center to teach you how to walk in everything, to walk in anything, to be free from anything that Satan has conjured up and created in your life. You must go on that website and click and click and click and click and click because there is so much information. It is about 90% of what I have personally learned since 1993 that got me to the level that I am on. So we encourage you please do not go into eternity by theory. I leave you with this scripture. Jesus said, "I find that your actions do not meet the requirements of my heavenly

father." You must find out what is required by God. Do that and then practice that. The Bible says those that do the word of God will be blessed. Not those that hear it. Not those that just go to church. It says those that do the word. God will never ask you to do something that you cannot do. You might have to have faith. You might have might have to have consistency. You may have to have persistence. You may have to have questions. You may fall down sometime. But the Bible says a righteous man falls seven times and gets back up

again. It is very very important for you to be free. Jesus paid a horrific price on the cross and went to hell for 3 days so that you could walk in victory. So, make sure that you practice these things so that you can walk into eternity. And God says, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." God bless you.